annise wrote:We don't have a technical team to edit readers files - every reader is responsible for providing a usable file to the projects , they are then proof listened by another volunteer , the reader fixes anything that needs fixing and one of the admins - also volunteers arranges the cataloguing.  Critical comments are not given , everyone has their own reading style they prefer and readers  are reading the books because they want to  Many of our readers are reading not in their mother tongue so that is no problemI am downloading other things at present so maybe someone else will be along to check the technical bits. Then you can look through readers wanted to find something that interests you, read the first post and follow the instructions for that projectAnneRuthieG wrote:Hello and welcome Hiep There is no technical team here - we all edit our own recordings (with rare exceptions like some of our blind readers). Bit rate, sample rate and mono channel are all correct.   The volume needs to be a little higher - try increasing the microphone volume slider slightly in your computer's control panel.I am guessing that you are Vietnamese, and I congratulate you on your English pronunciation, because I know that it isn't easy. LibriVox is probably one of the hardest words for you to speak because of the awkward proximity of L and R.  Your recording is a pleasure to listen to, so have absolutely no anxiety about that. You will be most welcome in any project for which you wish to volunteer. Ruth

thanks, again, for you enthusiast >> Now I understood why this Project has its own long-life.

Thanks, Ruth, for your comment  ,really, it supports me a lot. and =] you'r a good guesser, also. How come you could have that idea? :-s Mr.Google? Or your have Vietnamese friends?
Thank Anne, for guiding. I'll try to get acquainted with forum and find the way.

Yet I did, and I thought not only me, but also others not speaking their mother-tongue language are, due to some reasons you've known, anxious 'bout their ability and contribution could make. I dont wanna waste others' time and mine, too. If my reading is not even "hear-able" it would be wasted my recording time and others' listening time, right? So I just want to be sure that I have capable of reading.

Another reason, I really dislike people having not-clear (bad - just exaggeration) pronunciation and boring accent    (sorry for who's sneezing). Thus, I don't wanna be hated by others, right? Just to be sure that accent & pronunciation is favorable. 


Last words: Thank you all. You guys really enthusiast. 
Thank to this box, where I can express anything I ain't distinctly understand.