Hi Jim,
Welcome to Librivox! Sounds indeed like an exciting project. As you will have noticed, we do have a number of volunteers here with multiple language skills - so for some of your volunteers it might be possible to get help in their own language (or one they are more familiar with than English). 

This guide contains most information on what the requirements are: http://librivox.org/wiki/moin.cgi/ - that includes some technical settings of the recordings, and also an obligatory "disclaimer" to be read.

As for appropriate texts to be read: it can be anything, as long as it is in the public domain - so no more copyright, and that means no copyright in the country of the reader, but also no copyright in the USA (because that is where our servers are). 
We have several projects in different languages, where people can read for example just a chapter or a short story. Best way to find those, is to go to advanced search, and search for "works in progress" in the language you are looking for: http://librivox.org/newcatalog/visitor_advanced.php

Other good places will be:
- the multilingual poetry collection: readers can just contribute a poem in their own language, as long as it is not under copyright.
- http://librivox.org/forum/viewtopic.php?p=253317 - readings of the UN declaration of human rights in as many languages as possible. See the first post of that thread for more information.

Well, this is some general information  If you or your contributors have any specific questions, feel free to ask. The part in bold is really something to look into, to make sure it is included in the information for your contributors, since it is easiest to do/fix while making the recording, and harder to do it afterwards (especially if the contributors will not be regular visitors to our forums to fix things up).

Good luck with your project, and what a nice idea of you to think about this! Looking forward to it.

Anna

Oh - I forgot - there are a few "Book Suggestions" threads in different languages, where the discussion is often in that language too - see: http://librivox.org/forum/viewtopic.php?t=16127