If you're thinking about joining us on this project, you might like to know more about the characters. A star (*) before the name means the role is open - claim away!MALE ROLESSir Oliver Smallshanks - Older man, a rich and sexually voracious (but timid) knight. Has his eyes on Mistress Taffeta, but not averse to flirting with the prostitutes of Ram Alley. He has more-or-less disowned his rebellious younger son, William. Towards the end of the play Oliver and Taffeta are engaged, but Oliver is soon cuckolded by William.Thomas Smallshanks - Sir Oliver's elder (and preferred) son. A goody two shoes, dim, and innocent. Goes along with his brother's plots, but rarely understands them.William Smallshanks - Sir Oliver's younger son, and a schemer (the largest male part). He doesn't stand to inherit his father's estate, so he uses underhand tactics to trick Sir Oliver out of an expensive chain, convinces his lawyer to marry a prostitute, and forces Mistress Taffeta to marry him.Boutcher (let's agree to all pronounce this BOW-chuh, to rhyme with voucher) - Young male friend of William. His accomplice, though sometimes reluctantly. Falls for Mistress Tafetta. Employs Constantia as a pageboy and, thinking her a man, fails to notice she is in love with him.Lieutenant Beard - William's hired muscle: dim but intimidating (think Luca Brasi from The Godfather, but stupider!). He pretends to be on Throat's side, thereby furthering his master's tricks, but later loses track of whose interests he is serving.Throat - A small-time male lawyer of indeterminate age. Not in as many scenes as some other characters, but has a lot of lines. He keeps scruffy chambers off Ram Alley, and pretends to be more knowledgeable and important than he really is. William tricks him into marrying Frances, the prostitute, who is disguised as the heiress, Constantia Sommerfield.*Justice Tutchin - Older male justice, gives the lie to the proverbial "sober judge". Lady Sommerfield's brother and Sir Oliver's friend. Often talks gobbledegook and (given the chance) would sleep with anyone.*Captain Puff, also known as Captain Face - A relatively small but fun role. Puff thinks himself a courageous and noble knight who would have been welcome at King Arthur's round table. In reality, he is a coward and full of hot air: puffed up. Pursues Mistress Taffeta, to her annoyance. I picture Rik Mayall's Lord Flashheart character from Blackadder.FEMALE ROLESLady Sommerfield - A rich widow of middle years. She spends the early part of the play away from London.Constantia Sommerfield - Lady Sommerfield's only daughter and heir. She runs away from home at the outset of the play and, disguising herself as a boy, enters employment as Boucher's page. Loves Boucher, but only reveals this in the last scene.Frances - A young prostitute of Ram Alley. William is her pimp, and he compels her to be the stooge in several of his tricks. For much of the play she is impersonating Constantia Sommerfield, so there will be fun to be had mixing up her natural cockney/country accent with Constantia's presumably more refined diction. Midway through the play she marries Lawyer Throat.Mistress Taffeta - Another rich widow of middle years. She enjoys toying with her suiters. She pursues Boucher, then Sir Oliver, but eventually weds William Smallshanks who is many years her junior.Adriana - Taffeta's serving girl. One of the smarter characters, but fails to see through Constantia's disguise and pursues the 'pageboy'.MALE OR FEMALE ROLES (All very small roles)Dash - Throat's dogsbody. Presumably male, but the role would work for a female reader too.Gentleman 1 & 2Woman A serving maid.*Drawer (junior bartender, comic role). Has 11 lines in only one scene, 4.2, so a quick role to record.*Constable Has only two lines in the final scene, 5.3.*Sergeant (sometimes spelled Serjeant). Has 9 lines.Citizens Three lines. Two men who have fought with one another and sought legal advice. Read the three 'both' lines at the start of scene 2.2, twice each (you can use slightly different voices if you like).*Serving man Four lines in one scene, 4.4.