Joy,  The acoustics in this room are much better.  And you would be surprised at the large number of LV readers who receive "assistance" from furry friends during the recording process.  Your dog just wants to be a part of it all!  Be glad your cat is not walking all over your key board.  Not an issue that I have (no pets share my space   ) but I have heard tales from others . . . For the volume, there is a microphone volume slider bar at the top of your Audacity window.  Try moving that to the left by one notch (10%).  That will bring down your recording level a bit.  I like to be just a bit below the 89 dB target when I record, and then adjust it up with Effect | Amplify as a final step before I post the file.The noise cleaning you did on your second test worked, as far as it is going to.  But when I plot the sound spectrum on your joyatplay2 file, I see spikes in different frequencies than I did on the last file.  Hmm.  That's odd, but we'll just roll with the punches.  So, select a bit of silence at the end, and then use Analyze | Plot Spectrum with these settings:You'll get this:Run your mouse pointer over the picture you get and you will see the numbers at the bottom change.  Do you see the three very thin spikes toward the middle to right side (circled in red)?  That's the high pitched whine in the background.  When you run your mouse over each one, it tells you that they peak at 2369 Hz, 1692 Hz, and 1352 Hz.  [If you go back to the first test file you submitted, and Analyze | Plot Spectrum on the silence at the end, you'll see two thin spikes at 1464 Hz and 1758 Hz.]We need to take those out first because the general noise removal function is not able to deal very effectively with that kind of a noise.  That focused cleaning at one frequency is what the Effect | Notch Filter does.  Because the spikes are very thin, I've told you to use a Q=16 setting.  Stay with that (wider spikes would use a lower Q value - you want to keep the notch where the noise is filtered as narrow as you can and still deal with the problem).  This time, select the entire file (CTRL-A), and then do Effect | Notch Filter at each of 2369 Hz, 1692 Hz, and 1352 Hz.When you finish, select a bit of silence at the end and do Analyze | Plot Spectrum again.  See how the place where each spike was is now a bit of a valley?  The noise at that frequency has been eliminated.  If you now listen to the file, you won't hear the high whine any more.I thought that these spikes would be caused by your mic or computer and would be the same on every recording, but it appears that they are not.  So for now, you need to use Analyze | Plot Spectrum on each file to figure out what frequencies you need to clean with the Notch Filter.  It may be that as you record more, you notice a pattern of what frequencies cause problems, but I haven't seen enough to see a pattern yet, so it's test each file and then apply the appropriate notch filters based on the frequencies of those spikes.  There are a bunch of other mountains which show up on the Plot Spectrum, don't worry about them.  Those are the sorts of things that regular noise removal can handle.  It's those very narrow needles at the high frequencies that were causing the problem even after Effect | Noise Removal and that you need to clean with the notch filter.Once the whine is gone, you can do two passes of general noise cleaning with the settings you noted above.  Take a listen after that and I think you will hear a very good result.  Your dog's voice is now much clearer . . . as is yours.Would you please give it another try and post another file?MaryAnn