The Witches Brew from Act 4 Scene 1 of MacBeth, by William Shakespeare (1554-1616). Quote: Librivox volunteers bring you # readings of the Witches Brew from Act 4 Scene 1 of MacBeth, by William Shakespeare. This was the weekly poetry project for October 26, 2014.This project is now complete! All audio files can be found on our catalog page: https://librivox.org/the-witches-brew-by-william-shakespeare/  Each week a poem is chosen to be recorded by as many LibriVox volunteers as possible!This week's poem can be found here. Set your recording software to: Channels: 1 (Mono)Bit Rate: 128 kbps Sample Rate: 44100 kHz Have questions on "how"? Check LV's Recording Notes thread before recording. If this is your first recording, you'll also find this Newbie Guide to Recording useful.  Begin your reading with the abbreviated LibriVox disclaimer:No more than 0.5 to 1 second of silence at the beginning of the recording!Quote:The Witches Brew, from Act 4, Scene 1 of MacBeth by William Shakespeare, read for LibriVox.org by [your name]. [Add, if you wish, date, your location, and/or your personal url.] Then read the poem:Quote: Thrice the brinded cat hath mew'd.Thrice; and once the hedge-pig whin'd.Harpier cries:—"tis time, 'tis time.Round about the caldron go;In the poison'd entrails throw.—Toad, that under cold stone,Days and nights has thirty-oneSwelter'd venom sleeping got,Boil thou first i' the charmed pot!Double, double, toil and trouble;Fire, burn; and caldron, bubble.Fillet of a fenny snake,In the caldron boil and bake;Eye of newt, and toe of frog,Wool of bat, and tongue of dog,Adder's fork, and blind-worm's sting,Lizard's leg, and howlet's wing,—For a charm of powerful trouble,Like a hell-broth boil and bubble.Double, double, toil and trouble;Fire, burn; and caldron, bubble.Scale of dragon, tooth of wolf,Witch's mummy, maw and gulfOf the ravin'd salt-sea shark,Root of hemlock digg'd i' the dark,Liver of blaspheming Jew,Gall of goat, and slips of yewSliver'd in the moon's eclipse,Nose of Turk, and Tartar's lips,Finger of birth-strangl'd babeDitch-deliver'd by a drab,—Make the gruel thick and slab:Add thereto a tiger's chaudron,For the ingredients of our caldron.Double, double, toil and trouble;Fire, burn; and caldron, bubble.Cool it with a baboon's blood,Then the charm is firm and good.   At the end of your reading, leave a space and then say: Quote:End of poem. This recording is in the public domain. Please leave 5 seconds of silence at the end of your recording. Save your recording as an mp3 file using the following filename and ID3 tag format: File name - all in lowercase:  witchesbrew_shakespeare_[your initials in lowercase]_128kb.mp3  (e.g.  witchesbrew_shakespeare_mas_128kb.mp3) ID3 tags (Version 2): [Not necessary for this project] Transfer of files (completed recordings) Please always post in this forum thread when you've sent a file. Also, post the length of the recording (file duration: mm:ss) together with the link. Upload your file with the LibriVox Uploader: https://librivox.org/login/uploader    (If you have trouble reading the image above, please message an admin) You'll need to select the MC, which for this project is: maryannspiegel When your upload is complete, you will receive a link - please post it in this thread. If this doesn't work, or you have questions, please check our How To Send Your Recording wiki page. New Readers: When you post your link, please include your name as you would like it credited on the catalogue page and any URL by which you would like it accompanied. (Note: This is only necessary if you have not done so for another project.) If you wish to contribute, please have your readings submitted by 0600 GMT Sunday, November 9th (12:00AM CDT).  Please don't download files belonging to projects in process (unless you are the BC or PL). Our servers are not set up to handle the greater volume of traffic. Please wait until the project has been completed. Thanks!Magic Window:
 
BC Admin(And remember, anyone can suggest a poem for a certain week and/or coordinate an upcoming weekly or fortnightly poem! If you'd like to suggest a poem or coordinate a future Weekly or Fortnightly Poetry project, please visit this thread.)