bjoy wrote:Section 24 is complete and ready for a listen!  First recording! How'd I do? Any constructive criticism is appreciated and then I'll do the next section I volunteered for.   https://librivox.org/uploads/smijen/happyjack_24_burgess_128kb.mp3Hello Beth Joy!  Thanks for your first recording!  Joy will listen to the content of the file while I checked the technical specifications and work with you on those.  I noticed that the volume of your recording is quite low at 78.7 dB. We shoot for a volume of 89 dB plus or minus 3 dBs on either side of that.  So you're going to need to increase the volume a bit.  Luckily Audacity has an effect that can do this for you!I experimented around with it a bit so I could instruct you and here's what I found worked the easiest...1. There is one big "peak" around 2:55 that prevents us from amplifying the file quite as much as we need so I started with de-amplifying just that peak to start with.  Here are the directions where once upon a time I learned how to do that: http://wiki.librivox.org/index.php/Removing_Peaks2. Once you've done that you should just need to amplify the file. To amplify, first make sure you select the whole file (Edit > Select > All). Next, from the menus choose Effect > Amplify. You will get a dialog box. The value given is the maximum you can amplify before "clipping" occurs. "Clipping" is when the peaks of your waves get cut off at the top and bottom. I was able to amplify up to 7.0 dBs but then I had a few really loud peaks so I pulled it back to 6.8 dB amplification and that took care of that and the volume was then up into the 88-89 dB range.After you've done all this you'll want to export your MP3 file again and upload it to LibriVox.  You might want to wait until Joy has listened to the file before making these changes in case she has any changes you need to make to the content.  Then you can make the changes all at once.Hopefully this will be easy enough. Let me know if you have questions!  And, your reading is lovely!  You have a very inviting voice to listen to.Jill