 The Orange-Yellow Diamond by J.S. Fletcher (1863 - 1935) . All audio files can be found on our catalog page: https://librivox.org/the-orange-yellow-diamond-by-j-s-fletcher/Kim (Peppersnoodles93) is at present the BC and editor for this project, while Linny is away.Quote: A novelist finds himself struggling to make ends meet. In his effort to raise a bit of money to get him by, he finds himself in the middle of a mystery. Murder, theft, and love, all the ingredients for a wonderful reading. Please note: There is some stereotyping of ethnic groups however it is presented without malice but rather a sign of the times. (Summary by Linette Geisel)   Is there a deadline?We ask that you submit your recorded sections within 1-2 months of placing your claim (or by the target completion date, whatever is sooner). Please note that to be fair to the readers who have completed their sections in a timely way, if you haven't submitted your recording(s) after two months, your sections will automatically be re-opened for other readers to claim, unless you post in this thread to request an extension. Extensions will be granted at the discretion of the Book Coordinator. If you cannot do your section, for whatever reason, just let me know and it'll go back to the pool. There's no shame in this; we're all volunteers and things happen. The target completion date for this project is  2013-APR-01 . How to claim a part, and 'how it all works' here To find a role to record, simply look at point 5. below at the sections. All the ones without names beside them are "up for grabs." Click "Post reply" at the top left of the screen and tell us which role you'd like to read. Read points 6. to 8. below for what to do before, during and after your recording. New to recording? Please read our Newbie Guide to Recording! Where do I find the text? Source text: http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/9297  Please read only from the GoogleDocs!Please claim roles (the numbers in the first column below)! Please note: All Librivox recordings are in the public domain. When you submit your recording, you will be placing your recording in the public domain as well. If this is your first recording, please let me know under which name or pseudonym you'd like to appear in the LibriVox catalogue. We can also link to a personal website/blog. I'll PL files as they come in. Once I have the final chapters edited Darvinia will PL them against the Gutenberg text. Magic Window:
 
BC Admin Genres for the project:mystery Keywords that describe the book:BEFORE recording: Please check the Recording Notes: