Winter Evening by Archibald Lampman (1861 - 1899)All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/winter-evening-by-archibald-lampman/ Quote:Archibald Lampman was a Canadian poet. "He has been described as 'the Canadian Keats;' and he is perhaps the most outstanding exponent of the Canadian school of nature poets."  The Canadian Encyclopedia says that he is "generally considered the finest of Canada's late 19th-century poets in English."Lampman is classed as one of Canada's Confederation Poets, a group which also includes Charles G.D. Roberts, Bliss Carman, and Duncan Campbell Scott.(Summary by Wikipedia)Each week a poem is chosen to be recorded by as many LibriVox volunteers as possible!This week's poem can be found here. [*] Project Code: oeSebu0s Set your recording software to: Channels: 1 (Mono)Bit Rate: 128 kbps Sample Rate: 44100 kHzHave questions on "how"? Check LV's Recording Notes thread before recording. If this is your first recording, you'll also find this Newbie Guide to Recording useful.No more than 0.5 to 1 second of silence at the beginning of the recording!Begin your reading with the abbreviated LibriVox disclaimer:Quote: Winter Evening by Archibald Lampman, read for LibriVox.org by [your name]. [Add, if you wish, date, your location, and/or your personal url.]Then read the poem:Quote: To-night the very horses springing byToss gold from whitened nostrils. In a dreamThe streets that narrow to the westward gleamLike rows of golden palaces; and highFrom all the crowded chimneys tower and dieA thousand aureoles. Down in the westThe brimming plains beneath the sunset rest,One burning sea of gold. Soon, soon shall flyThe glorious vision, and the hours shall feelA mightier master; soon from height to height,With silence and the sharp unpitying stars,Stern creeping frosts, and winds that touch like steel,Out of the depth beyond the eastern bars,Glittering and still shall come the awful night.  At the end of your reading, leave a space and then say: Quote:End of poem. This recording is in the public domain. Please leave 5 seconds of silence at the end of your recording.Save your recording as an mp3 file using the following filename and ID3 tag format: File name - all in lowercase:  winterevening_lampman_your initials in lowercase_128kb.mp3  (e.g.  winterevening_lampman_klh_128kb.mp3 ) ID3 tags (Version 2): Artist Name:  Archibald Lampman Track Title:  Winter Evening - Read by YOUR INITIALS (e.g.  Winter Evening - Read by KLH) Album Title: LibriVox Weekly Poetry Comments: (optional) Recorded by [your name]Transfer of files (completed recordings) Please always post in this forum thread when you've sent a file. Also, post the length of the recording (file duration: mm:ss) together with the link. Upload your file with the LibriVox Uploader: https://librivox.org/login/uploader    (If you have trouble reading the image above, please message an admin) You'll need to select the MC, which for this project is: aradlaw  When your upload is complete, you will receive a link - please post it in this thread. If this doesn't work, or you have questions, please check our How To Send Your Recording wiki page.When you post your link, please include your name as you would like it credited on the catalogue page and any URL by which you would like it accompanied. (Note: This is only necessary if you have not done so for another project.)(If you wish to contribute, please have your readings submitted by 0600 GMT Sunday, January 12, 2014.  (12:00AM CDT)  Please don't download files belonging to projects in process (unless you are the BC or PL). Our servers are not set up to handle the greater volume of traffic. Please wait until the project has been completed. Thanks!<p>Magic Window:
 
BC Admin(And remember, anyone can suggest a poem for a certain week and/or coordinate an upcoming weekly poem! If you'd like to suggest a poem or coordinate a future Weekly Poetry project, please visit this thread.)