Quote:1. SNUGHave you the lion's part written? pray you, if it be, give it me, for I am slow of study.Hi there! Can I get a re-record of this line "Snug" you said "slow at study" instead of "of study"2. LIONOh![The LION roars.—THISBE runs off.]I don't have the "oh" but I do have a pretty sweet roar. I NEED THE "OH"I PMed Monika three days ago and she says she's really busy.  I'll remind her again.Quote:3. Hi there Chuck,I LOVE HOW YOU change your voice for different roles! I love you playing FLUTE! Soooo coool!I have a request on this line for Thisbe.The line is very loud on that "ooo" and the next part doesn't quick sound feminine enough... This might be too nit-picky, but if you feel like re-recording this line for me, a little less dramatic, but more "lady" sounding.... that would be really awesome!THISBEO,—'As true as truest horse, that yet would never tire.'Chuck will fix this by October 1st.Quote:4. SARAH, Ok question:I got the first part...but I don't have the second in bold here.SECOND FAIRYWeaving spiders, come not here;Hence, you long-legg'd spinners, hence;Beetles black, approach not near;Worm nor snail do no offence.CHORUSPhilomel with melody, &c.The last "chorus" part, the reader read it with her part.... but I don't know what you want done with this part. If that's the only place in the text that it appears, why don't you just insert a quick recording of yourself saying:Quote:CHORUSPhilomel with melody, &c.I guess we could have the narrator do it, but it's probably easier for you to just quickly record it and insert it. Quote:5. Sarah: Hermia  katalinawatt, 2.2 when I listen to this file, I get Sarah reading Helena's 2.2 part..... Anne, do you have a first copy of this file, I think one of the two accidentally used the wrong file name and unknowingly renamed the right one... So, I don't have Hermia's part 2.2. It's not in Anne's folder, so must be reuploaded. PM reader please.OK.Quote:6. MISSING Lines from Demetrius DEMETRIUS 3.2 missing wordNo, no, sir:—he willSeem to break loose; take on as you would follow:But yet come not. You are a tame man; go!DEMETRIUS 4.1These things seem small and undistinguishable,Like far-off mountains turnèd into clouds. Missing lineDEMETRIUS 5.1Why, all these should be in the lantern; for all these are in the moon. But silence; here comes Thisbe.right words but not clearDEMETRIUSAnd so comes Pyramus.misreadDEMETRIUS 5.2I love thee not, therefore pursue me not.Where is Lysander and fair Hermia?The one I'll slay, the other slayeth me.Thou told'st me they were stol'n into this wood,And here am I, and wode within this wood,Because I cannot meet with Hermia.Hence, get thee gone, and follow me no more. (you said "my")PMed reader.