 Aristopia by Castello Newton Holford (1844 - 1905) .This project is now complete! All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/aristopia-by-castello-newton-holford/  Quote: Aristopia (published 1895) is truly an alternative history. It is an imagination of how the continent of North America might have developed if one man with the vision, altruism and determination to build a state for the benefit of all its people had been in the happy position of having wealth enough to make his dream a reality.It is an interesting book which deserves its place in literary history largely for being the first novel-length example of its genre. It is written, not as a novel, but as unvarnished history. Only a few passages seem really to catch alight with the idealistic passion of the country's founder, Ralph Morton. Those that do, however, are powerful.Borrowing heavily from actual documents of the period such as Captain John Smith's Journal, and also from More's Utopia, Newton appears to use his book to show how the vast natural resources of the new continent could, with the vision and wealth of a man like Morton, have improved the lives of huge numbers of the poor, disenfranchised and disaffected of Europe, instead of making relatively few men very rich indeed. In keeping with the thinking of his own time, he seems not to have considered to any great extent how this would still have displaced the native inhabitants of Morton's new 'Commonwealth'. (Summary by Ruth Golding)Target completion date: 2013-Aug-31Text source (only read from this text!): http://hdl.handle.net/2027/umn.31951002027962sType of proof-listening required (Note: please read the PL FAQ): standardIMPORTANT - soloist, please note: in order to limit the amount of languishing projects (and hence the amount of files on our hard-pressed server), we ask that you post an update at least once a month in your project thread, even if you haven't managed to record anything. If we don't hear from you for three months, your project may be opened up to a group project if a Book Coordinator is found. Files you have completed will be used in this project. If you haven't recorded anything yet, your project will be removed from the forum (contact any admin to see if it can be re-instated).Please don't download or listen to files belonging to projects in process (unless you are the BC or PL). Our servers are not set up to handle the greater volume of traffic. Please wait until the project has been completed. Thanks!Magic Window:
 
BC AdminLink to author on Wikipedia (if available): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Castello_HolfordLink to title on Wikipedia (if available): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AristopiaNumber of sections (files) this project will have: 24Does the project have an introduction or preface [y/n]: yesOriginal publication date (if known): 1895 Genres for the project:fantasy, historical-fictionKeywords that describe the book:alternative history; alternate history; utopian; US historyThe reader will record the following at the beginning and end of each file: 