 Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson (1850 - 1894) (version 3). This project is now complete! All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/treasure-island-dramatic-reading-by-robert-louis-stevenson/ Quote: When a rough old seaman calling himself "the Captain" appears at the inn owned by Jim Hawkins' father, young Jim little dreams what adventures will follow in the man's wake. Soon, the once-peaceful inn is threatened by pirates, Jim's father is laid in his grave, and Jim finds himself in possession of a map showing the location of treasure buried by the legendary and notorious Captain Flint. Along with a group of brave men: the sensible Dr. Livesey, the fearless and unflagging Captain Smollett, and the blustering but well-meaning Squire Trelawney, Jim sets out in quest of the treasure. Many perils, from wild animals to murderous villains to stormy seas will beset him on the way. And ever in the background, smiling and enigmatic, lurks the one-legged ship's cook, Long John Silver. One of the best-loved adventure stories of all time, Treasure Island is a pirate classic that delights readers today as much as when Stevenson first wrote it. (Summary by Eden Rea-Hedrick)  Is there a deadline? We ask that you submit your recorded sections within 1-2 months of placing your claim. Please note that to be fair to the readers who have completed their sections in a timely way, if you haven't submitted your recording(s) after two months, your sections will automatically be re-opened for other readers to claim, unless you post in this thread to request an extension. Extensions will be granted at the discretion of the Book Coordinator (especially for larger roles such as Long John Silver, Dr. Livesey, Captain Smollett, and Squire Trelawney.) If you cannot do your section, for whatever reason, just let me know and it'll go back to the pool. There's no shame in this; we're all volunteers and things happen.Please do not sign up for more sections than you can complete within the two month deadline.How to claim a part, and 'how it all works' hereTo find a role to record, simply look at point 5. below at the sections. All the ones without names beside them are "up for grabs." Click "Post reply" at the top left of the screen and tell us which role you'd like to read. Read points 6. to 8. below for what to do before, during and after your recording.New to recording?Please read our Newbie Guide to Recording!Where do I find the text? Source text: http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/120 Please use the text links in the chapter sections near the bottom of the magic window.Please claim roles (the numbers in the first column below)! Please note: All Librivox recordings are in the public domain. When you submit your recording, you will be placing your recording in the public domain as well.If this is your first recording, please let me know under which name or pseudonym you'd like to appear in the LibriVox catalogue. We can also link to a personal website/blog.Please don't download files belonging to projects in process (unless you are the BC or PL). Our servers are not set up to handle the greater volume of traffic. Please wait until the project has been completed. Thanks!NOTE to the readers of Billy Bones/"the Captain", Long John Silver, Israel Hands, Dick, Ben Gunn, and Pirates 1, 2, & 3: All these characters sing a pirate song at various points in the story. For the sake of consistancy, I have created a tune for this song. Please listen to it here: http://upload.librivox.org/share/uploads/xx/yo-ho-ho-and-a-bottle-of-rum_song_demo.mp3 and use this melody when recording the song.NOTE to the reader of Pirate 1: There is a second song sung by this character. Please use the melody demonstrated here: http://upload.librivox.org/share/uploads/xx/one-man-alive_song_demo.mp3Magic Window:
 
BC AdminGenres for the project:adventure, historical-fiction Keywords that describe the book/play:pirates; buried treasure; adventure BEFORE recording: Please check the Recording Notes: