The Gold Sickle by Eugène Sue (1804 - 1857). Translated by Daniel de Leon (1852 - 1914). This project is now complete! All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/the-gold-sickle-by-eugene-sue/Quote:The Gold Sickle; or, Hena the Virgin of the Isle of Sen. A Tale of Druid Gaul is the first part of Eugène Sue's series The Mysteries of the People; or, History of a Proletarian Family Across the Ages, in which he intended to produce a comprehensive "universal history", dating from the beginning of the present era down to his own days. Sue's socialist leanings made this history that of the struggles of the ruled with the ruling classes.In the first volume we meet the Gallic chief Joel, whose descendants will typify the oppressed throughout the suite of novels. Joel and his son invite a traveller to share their supper one evening, curious as they are to hear what stories he has to tell. When he refuses, they capture him; the stories they exchange revolve around moral and political values.(Summary by Petra, partly adapted from the Translator's Preface) How to claim a part, and "how it all works" hereTo find a section to record, simply look at point 5. below at the sections. All the ones without names beside them are "up for grabs." Click "Post reply" at the top left of the screen and tell us which section you'd like to read (include the section number from the left-most column in the reader list, please). Read points 6. to 8. below for what to do before, during and after your recording.New to recording?Please read our Newbie Guide to Recording!Is there a deadline?We ask that you submit your recorded sections within 1-2 months of placing your claim. Please note that to be fair to the readers who have completed their sections in a timely way, if you haven't submitted your recording(s) after two months, your sections will automatically be re-opened for other readers to claim, unless you post in this thread to request an extension. Extensions will be granted at the discretion of the Book Coordinator. If you cannot do your section, for whatever reason, just let me know and it'll go back to the pool. There's no shame in this; we're all volunteers and things happen.Please do not sign up for more sections than you can complete within the two month deadline.Where do I find the text?Source text (please only read from this text!): http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/31752Please claim sections (the numbers in the first column below)!If this is your first recording, please let me know under which name or pseudonym you'd like to appear in the LibriVox catalogue. We can also link to a personal website/blog.Prospective Prooflisteners: Please read the Listeners Wanted FAQ before listening! Level of prooflistening requested: standardPlease don't download files belonging to projects in process (unless you are the BC or PL). Our servers are not set up to handle the greater volume of traffic. Please wait until the project has been completed. Thanks!Magic Window:
 
BC AdminGenres for the project:adventure, historical-fictionKeywords that describe the book:socialist; 19th century; druid gaul; freedomBEFORE recording:Please check the Recording Notes: