 Indiana by George Sand (1804 - 1876) Translated by George Burnham Ives (1856 - 1930). This project is now complete! All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/indiana-by-george-sand/Quote:This is George Sand's first novel. Her real name was Amantine (or Amandine) Lucile Dupin, and she later became baroness Dudevant. As an aristocratic woman living in 19th century France, she chose her first novel to be, above all, a realistic work. Indiana is trapped since the age of 16 in a loveless marriage with a rich, much older, man. Her only real friend is her cousin, sir Ralph, who, sometimes, just does things which are- logically- the best for her but- mentally- the worsed he could do. She tries to find means of escape. But would she be able to recreate her own reality? Can a woman find true love while trying to maintain her identity and independence in a man's world?" Summary by Stav Nisser. How to claim a part, and "how it all works" here To find a section to record, simply look at point 5. below at the sections. All the ones without names beside them are "up for grabs." Click "Post reply" at the top left of the screen and tell us which section you'd like to read (include the section number from the left-most column in the reader list, please). Read points 6. to 8. below for what to do before, during and after your recording. New to recording? Please read our Newbie Guide to Recording! Is there a deadline? We ask that you submit your recorded sections within 1-2 months of placing your claim (or by the target completion date, whatever is sooner). Please note that to be fair to the readers who have completed their sections in a timely way, if you haven't submitted your recording(s) after two months, your sections will automatically be re-opened for other readers to claim, unless you post in this thread to request an extension. Extensions will be granted at the discretion of the Book Coordinator. If you cannot do your section, for whatever reason, just let me know and it'll go back to the pool. There's no shame in this; we're all volunteers and things happen. The target completion date for this project is  2012-May-01 . Where do I find the text? Source text (please only read from this text!): http://digital.library.upenn.edu/women/sand/indiana/indiana.html Please claim sections (the numbers in the first column below)! If this is your first recording, please let me know under which name or pseudonym you'd like to appear in the LibriVox catalogue. We can also link to a personal website/blog. Prospective Prooflisteners: Please read the Listeners Wanted FAQ before listening! Level of prooflistening requested:  Standard.Note: The e-text doesn't seem to have a chapter 14. In fact the editor forgot to mark chapter 14. In the MW we have added the end of chapter 13 and the start of chapter 14.Magic Window:
 
BC Admin Genres for the project:fiction, history, literature, psychology, romance Keywords that describe the book:This is a feminist novel with vivid descriptions of the era. BEFORE recording: Please check the Recording Notes: