 The Masque of Anarchy by Percy Bysshe Shelley (1792 - 1822) .Quote: The Masque of Anarchy was Shelley's response to the Peterloo massacre at St Peter's Fields, Manchester, where 18 died and hundreds were injured, after Hussars charged into a rally for parliamentary reform. Written in Italy in 1819, the poem was not published until 1832, ten years after Shelley's death. This reading is from the first published edition with the addition of three words that were inserted in full only in later additions ('Eldon' in Stanza IV and 'Bible' and 'Sidmouth' in Stanza VI). The poem is preceded by Leigh Hunt's preface to the 1832 edition and followed by Harry Buxton Forman's 1887 lecture on the poem to the Shelley Society. (Summary by Phil Benson) All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/the-masque-of-anarchy-by-percy-bysshe-shelley/ Target completion date: 2012-Mar-31 Text source (only read from this text!): http://www.archive.org/details/masqueanarchyap00huntgoog and http://www.archive.org/details/maskanarchy01shelgoog Type of proof-listening required (Note: please read the PL FAQ): standardIMPORTANT - soloist, please note: in order to limit the amount of languishing projects (and hence the amount of files on our hard-pressed server), we ask that you post an update at least once a month in your project thread, even if you haven't managed to record anything. If we don't hear from you for three months, your project may be opened up to a group project if a Book Coordinator is found. Files you have completed will be used in this project. If you haven't recorded anything yet, your project will be removed from the forum (contact any admin to see if it can be re-instated).Please don't download files belonging to projects in process (unless you are the BC or PL). Our servers are not set up to handle the greater volume of traffic. Please wait until the project has been completed. Thanks!Magic Window:
 
BC AdminGenres for the project:poetry, politicsKeywords that describe the book:political poetry, Lancashire, Manchester, Peterloo massacreThe reader will record the following at the beginning and end of each file: 