 The Desert, Further Studies in Natural Appearances by John Charles Van Dyke (1856 - 1932) . This project is now complete. All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/the-desert-by-john-charles-van-dyke/ Quote: The Desert by John Charles Van Dyke, published in 1901, is a lush, poetic description of the natural beauty of the American Southwest. "What land can equal the desert with its wide plains, its grim mountains, and its expanding canopy of sky!" Van Dyke, a cultivated art historian, saw "sublimity" in the desert's "lonely desolation," which previous generations had perceived only as a wasteland, and his book has a conservationist flavor which seems distinctly modern. "The deserts should never be reclaimed," he writes. "They are the breathing spaces of the west and should be preserved for ever." The changing colors of the sky, hills, and sand impress Van Dyke, as do the mirages. He celebrates the "long overlooked commonplace things of nature"-- cactus and grease wood, desert animals, and "winged life," the birds and insects. His writing has a philosophical undertone. "Not in vain these wastes of sand . . . simply because they are beautiful in themselves and good to look upon whether they be life or death." Anyone who views with equal awe fiery sunrises and weeds growing out of pavement cracks will enjoy this reading of Van Dyke's The Desert. ( Summary by Sue Anderson ) Target completion date: 2012-Apr-30 Text source (only read from this text!): http://www.archive.org/details/furtherstudesert00vandrichType of proof-listening required (Note: please read the PL FAQ): standard IMPORTANT - soloist, please note: in order to limit the amount of languishing projects (and hence the amount of files on our hard-pressed server), we ask that you post an update at least once a month in your project thread, even if you haven't managed to record anything. If we don't hear from you for three months, your project may be opened up to a group project if a Book Coordinator is found. Files you have completed will be used in this project. If you haven't recorded anything yet, your project will be removed from the forum (contact any admin to see if it can be re-instated). Magic Window:
 
BC Admin Genres for the project:nature, travel Keywords that describe the book:Deserts -- Southwest, New; Natural history -- Southwest, New; Southwest, New -- Description and travel; Natural history--Sonoran Desert; Sonoran Desert--Description and travel; Naturalists--West (U.S.); The reader will record the following at the beginning and end of each file: 