 Song..While with fond rapture  by Tobias George Smollet (1721 - 1771) . All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/song-while-with-fond-rapture-by-tobias-smollett/ Quote: "this is the weekly poem starting from October 16th. It's a lovely love song." ( Summary by Stav Nisser )Taken from the Poetical Works of Johnson, Parnell, Gray, and Smollett by Thomas Gray et al.Smollett, for variety of powers, and indefatigable industry, has seldom been surpassed. He was a politician, a poet, a physician, a historian, a translator, a writer of travels, a dramatist, a novelist, a writer on medical subjects, and a miscellaneous author. It is only, however, as a novelist and a poet that he has any claims to the admiration of posterity.(Summary from the Explanatory Notes by The Rev. George Gilfillan, Edinburgh) Each week a poem is chosen to be recorded by as many LibriVox volunteers as possible! This week's poem can be found here. Please be sure that your recording software is set to the following technical specifications:Channels: 1 (Mono)Bit Rate: 128 kbpsSample Rate: 44100 kHz Have questions on "how"? Check LV's Recording Notes thread before recording: http://librivox.org/forum/viewtopic.php?p=6427#6430 If this is your first recording, you'll also find this useful: http://wiki.librivox.org/index.php/Newbie_Guide_to_Recording Begin your reading with the abbreviated LibriVox disclaimer: (Please leave no more than 0.5-1 second of silence at the beginning of your recording! Quote: Song by Tobias George Smollet , read for LibriVox.org by [your name]. [Add, if you wish, date, your location, and/or your personal url.] Then read the poem: Quote:While with fond rapture and amaze,On thy transcendent charms I gaze,My cautious soul essays in vainHer peace and freedom to maintain:Yet let that blooming form divine,Where grace and harmony combine,Those eyes, like genial orbs that move,Dispensing gladness, joy, and love,In all their pomp assail my view,Intent my bosom to subdue,My breast, by wary maxims steel’d,Not all those charms shall force to yield.But when, invoked to Beauty’s aid,I see the enlighten’d soul display’d;That soul so sensibly sedateAmid the storms of froward fate,Thy genius active, strong, and clear,Thy wit sublime, though not severe,The social ardour, void of art,That glows within thy candid heart;My spirits, sense, and strength decay,My resolution dies away,And, every faculty oppress’d,Almighty Love invades my breast! At the end of your reading, leave a space and then say: Quote:End of poem. This recording is in the public domain. Please leave 5 seconds of silence at the end of your recording. Save your recording as an mp3 file using the following filename and ID3 tag format: File name - all in lowercase:  song_whilewithfond_smollett_your initials in lowercase.mp3  (eg.  song_whilewithfond_smollett_KLH )  ID3 tags (Version 2): Artist Name: Tobias George Smollett Track Title: Song... While with fond rapture - Read by YOUR INITIALS (eg.  Song... While with fond rapture - Read by KLH) Album Title: LibriVox Weekly Poetry Comments: (optional) Recorded by [your name] Transfer of files (completed recordings) Please always post in this forum thread when you've sent a file. Also, post the length of the recording (file duration: mm:ss) together with the link.