The Hexaemeron by Basil of Caesarea (329/30? - 378/9) . [Translated by Blomfield Jackson].This project is now complete! All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/the-hexaemeron-by-basil-of-caesarea/ Quote:The Hexaemeron is the title of nine homilies delivered by St. Basil on the the cosmogony of the opening chapters of Genesis. When and where they were delivered is quite uncertian. They are Lenten sermons, delivered at both the morning and evening services, and appear to have been listened to by working men. (Hom. iii. 1) Some words in Hom. viii. have confirmed the opinion that they were preached extempore, in accordance with what is believed to have been Basil's ordinary practice.654 Internal evidence points in the same direction for though a marked constrast might be expected between the style of a work intended to be read, like the De Spiritu Sancto, and that of the orations to be spoken in public, the Hexaemeron shews signs of being and unwritten composition. In earlier ages, it was the most celebrated and admired of Basil's works. Photius (Migne, Pat. Gr. cxli) puts it first of all, and speaks warmly of its eloquence and force. As an example of oratory he would rank it with the works of Plato and Demosthenes. (Introduction by Nicene Post-Nicene Fathers, Series II, Vol. VIII) Target completion date: 5/31/2011 Text source (only read from this text!): http://www.ccel.org/ccel/schaff/npnf208.viii.ii.html Type of proof-listening required Standard[b]IMPORTANT - soloist, please note: in order to limit the amount of languishing projects (and hence the amount of files on our hard-pressed server), we ask that you post an update at least once a month in your project thread, even if you haven't managed to record anything. If we don't hear from you for three months, your project will be opened up to a group project as soon as a Book Coordinator can be found. Files you have completed will be used in this project. If you haven't recorded anything yet, your project will be removed from the forum (contact any admin to have it re-instated). Magic Window:
 
BC AdminThe reader will record the following at the beginning and end of each file: 