Librivox recently finished Vol 1 of this series.  Here is my template for Vol 2.  I hope there is a MC out there willing to give this daunting, yet fascinating book a go.  The only problem I forsee is with the appendices.  They are mostly original documents and require reading in Spanish and Latin.  Let me know if there is any problem with how I filled this template out.  Thanks..!!A History of the Inquisition of Spain, Volume 2 by Henry Charles Lea (September 19, 1825 - October 24, 1909). This project is now complete! All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/history-of-the-inquisition-of-spain-vol-2-by-henry-charles-lea/ Quote:Volume 2 of Lea’s monumental work on the Spanish Inquisition.  Volume 2 discusses the organizational structure of the Inquisition, methods used to financially support the Inquisition, methods used by the Inquisition to expose heresy, and numerous other topics.  (Summary by JoeD) How to claim a part, and 'how it all works' here To find a section to record, simply look at point 5. below at the sections. All the ones without names beside them are “up for grabs.” Click "Post reply" at the top left of the screen and tell us which section you’d like to read (include the section number from the left-most column in the reader list, please). Read points 6. to 8. below for what to do before, during and after your recording. New to recording? Please read our Newbie Guide to Recording! Is there a deadline? We ask that you submit your recorded sections within 1-2 months of placing your claim (or by the target completion date, whatever is sooner). Please note that to be fair to the readers who have completed their sections in a timely way, if you haven't submitted your recording(s) after two months, your sections will automatically be re-opened for other readers to claim, unless you post in this thread to request an extension. Extensions will be granted at the discretion of the Book Coordinator. If you cannot do your section, for whatever reason, just let me know and it’ll go back to the pool. There’s no shame in this; we’re all volunteers and things happen. The target completion date for this project is 01 June 2011. Where do I find the text? Source text (please only read from this text!): http://libro.uca.edu/lea2/lea2.htmPlease claim sections (the numbers in the first column below)!If this is your first recording, please let me know under which name or pseudonym you'd like to appear in the LibriVox catalogue. We can also link to a personal website/blog. Prospective Prooflisteners: Please read the Listeners Wanted FAQ before listening! Level of prooflistening requested: Standard.MAGIC WINDOW:(BC admin)BEFORE recording: Please check the Recording Notes: