Hi, Tricia & Jordan, 

Yes, I'm still going to PL this. My health has been more than usually challenging lately, but I think I had a bug of some sort, so I was sleeping WAY more than is typical for me. I might still have a bit of it (probably due to being on a 6-week course of Prednisone to help with my pain flare-up, but it DID help, so that's good). Sorry if that's TMI (too much information). Bad habit of mine.    BUT I did finish icequeen's (Ann's) The Way of Perfection by St. Teresa of Avila, & I've gotten some other PL'ing done too. I'm feeling somewhat better & ready to focus more on the PL'ing. 

I just downloaded the latest section & will be PL'ing soon. I probably won't get a lot done over the weekend since (if I'm able) I'll be going to my mom-in-law's tomorrow for the Fourth of July. Sometimes I even end up taking naps at family functions (I know that sounds rude, but the family--on both sides--seem to understand). Sometimes I literally can't keep my eyes open any longer. 

I honestly don't mean to complain about my health; it's more of an explanation. I know I talk about it too much sometimes; sorry about that.   Jordan & Tricia, I'd really appreciate your prayers---that I can have more energy & be able to go with Kevin to his family function. I'm going to try to get to sleep early tonight so I can wake up early enough. 

Thank you both for your prayers. I truly appreciate it! Hmm, Tricia, you're in Canada, &, Jordan, you're in Australia, so I guess neither of you celebrates July 4 (although I know you're originally from America, Tricia). It's a nice holiday, I suppose, unless it's really hot & humid outside (then I stay inside more). A parade goes by a couple of blocks from my mom-in-law's house. Kevin's & my great-nieces & great-nephew like to catch the candy the firemen & others throw. I do too! I especially like the Tootsie Rolls! Chocolate! YUM!   (That's the nickname my grandma--Dad's mom--used to call me when I was a kid 'cause I was so skinny. Oh, if only I fit that nickname now! LOL   )

Anyway, I'm still here (or, more accurately, I'm back) & am focusing more on PL'ing again. Jordan, you have a great narrating voice & I really do enjoy listening to you read. I'm looking forward to getting back to this book, but I'm starting to get sleepy already so it won't be tonight---but soon! 

OK, enough of my rambling! Whew!   LOL Thanks for your patience, Jordan & Tricia, & for your prayers. I'll keep you & your families in mine too. Take care, have a great weekend, & God bless!

Joy  

(About my sig, I'm rarely even on Twitter anymore either---I've been working on genealogy at Ancestry.com & now back here to catch up. Oh, well.)