Good luck, bubu, and anytime you want to come back to The Bostonians.... Btw, I've done some digging on this book's editor, Frank Henderson.  He appears to have been a Scottish M.P.Quote:F. HENDERSON (Dundee).Frank Henderson, youngest son of Mr.Henry Henderson, leather merchant, of Dundee, by Anne, d. of Mr. James Lindsay, manufacturer, of Dundee. He was born 1836, was ed. at the High School, Dundee, and m., 1863, Ellen Isabella, d. of David Scroggie, Esq., of Beechnood, Laurencekirk, Kincardineshire. A Liberal. Elected for Dundee April 1880. Residence—Clarendon Terrace, Dundee. Chtb—Reform. (from Debrett's House of Commons and the judicial bench edited by Robert Henry Mair)additional research:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Temple_Bar_(magazine)Another book edited by Frank Henderson:http://www.archive.org/details/sketchesliterary00gilfuoftQuote:Sketches Literary and Theological. Being Selections from an Unpublished MS. of the late Rev. George Gilfillan of Dundee. Edited by Frank Henderson, M. P. Edinburgh: David Douglas. Mr. Gilfillan had intended to publish, as a sequel to his 'History of a Man,' a work entitled 'Reconciliation: a Life History,' in which he would give his opinions on literary, social, philosophical, and especially theological questions. This work existed in a state of completeness, but his editor and literary executor, Mr. Frank Henderson, MP., [from Dundee] has deemed it better to omit the narrative and biographical portions, and to publish merely a series of selections from it, which we now have in the volume before us.  (source Google Books)Quote:Early in September of the present year the subject was referred to at considerable length in the columns of the "Dundee Advertiser," and both parents and employers were cautioned to prepare for the change which was still at that time twelve months distant. During the same month the subject was brought before the Dundee Chamber of Commerce by Mr. Frank Henderson, M.P., one of the representatives of the burgh. Mr. Henderson had interested himself from the beginning upon this question, aud during the discussions on the Bill in the session of 1883 he made a special effort to obtain a modification of the proposed regulation. The 3rd Standard he considered too high to be imposed at once, and he did succeed in getting the application of the Act postponed for a year.  (from Factories and Workshops. Annual Report of the Chief Inspector of Factories ... By Great Britain. HM Factory Inspector, also found on Google Books)