Again, many thanks for your help. Here, by the way, are a couple of quotations from Henry James on Shakespeare:Here's Henry in a letter to Violet Hunt:       "[I am] haunted by the conviction that the divine William is the biggestand most successful fraud ever practiced on a patient world. . . . I canonly express my general sense by saying that I find it almost as impossibleto conceive that Bacon wrote the plays as to conceive that the man fromStratford, as we know the man from Stratford, did." And here's his brother, William James of Harvard, the great psychologist:    "We [William, and likely Henry] went to Stratford for the first time. The absolute extermination and obliteration of every record of Shakespeare save a few sordid material details, and the general suggestion of narrowness and niggardliness which ancient Stratford makes, taken in comparison with the way in which the spiritual quantity 'Shakespeare' has mingled into the soul of the world, was most uncanny, and I feel ready to believe in almost any mythical story of the authorship. In fact a visit to Stratford now seems to me the strongest appeal a Baconian can make."    — In a letter to Charles Eliot Norton, May 2, 1902Not that I have any views on the matter. Some years back, when I was still teaching, an amiable gentleman, youngish, visiting from the UK, came into my office to talk, saying that he was on a lecture tour of the US, pushing the claims of the Earl of Oxford, rather than Bacon, as the author of "Shakespeare's" plays. We discussed the matter for some time, though of course I know little about the controversy, but at the end, having failed to catch his name at first, I asked him to repeat it. He turned out to be Robert (or John or Francis, or something) de Vere. a descendant of Edward de Vere, the 17th Earl of Oxford, whom some (particularly in Oxford) hold to be the true author of the plays. There's a de Vere Society in Oxford, dedicated to the cause. In 2010, James Shapiro wrote a book called Contested Will (which I haven't read), deciding in favor of the historical Shakespeare. Or, as someone else (don't know who -- Woody Allen?) said, "The plays werent actually written by William Shakespeare, but by someone with the same name."  In any case, I think I'm going to move temporarily from Henry James to Henry Adams. Many thanks again,Nick