nanofella wrote:annise wrote:Hi NanofellaI've been checking the files you have done and just want to explain something about your ID tagsThe title filed in the ID tag needs to be the same as that in the magic window - I get you to set the MW as a format that will ensure that the files play in order on MP3 players - the way you have put them they will not   -  so for your next go please make themWhy don't they ?well computers are fairly dumb sometimes, so any miss spelling of chapter or using Chapter and chapter will change the sort orderAnd unless the numbers all have the same number of digits you will get    1,10.11,12,13-19,2,20,21,22.23-29,3,30,31 etcAnd if you put 2 spaces instead of one it will be wrong againI will change all these ones to sort in order , but please do use the ones requested for your next project   AnneSorry Anne, I thought I had fixed this early on.  I think I am missing something in using Audacity's Meta Editor.  It has the following field in my version.Artist Name: Oliver OpticTrack Title: Chapter 6Album Title: Down South Track number: 06Year: 2010Genre: Audio BookComments: Chapter 6 of Down South Audio Book at Librivox.orgThis would be the file name I use:http://upload.librivox.org/share/uploads/arb/downsouth_06_optic.mp3The Librivox template list these as:There are three essential ID3 tags: title, artist, and album. These can be written in plain English format, for instance: Title = 01 - The Plant Men (individual chapter number/name)Artist = Edgar Rice Burroughs (author name)Album = The Gods of Mars (book title)Anne it looks like I have been trying to get-- the Track number: 06 the same as the Track Titleinstead of getting the Track Title:  06 - Moonlight and Music on Board  to match the File numbers.Does this look like where I have gone amuck to you as well?If so it is an easy fix and I will make sure to get it right next time!BTW, are any more of the Meta tags used or stored in the Librivox files? ie Genre or Year or Comments?  There is no sense in me filling them out if they are not.I have some other questions about the recording process I have come across in the process.  I will wait for another time to ask them. Perhaps you can answer some of them or point me to someone who can.Thanks for all your help.   I have really enjoyed the whole process. HiWe all have to learn - none of us started off knowing all and you did well , so what I said was not a complaint , just an explanation for next timeYou always need to follow filenames, tags etc as are in the first post - that is why we ask for them to be filled in , so we can fix anything that won't work there. Mostly they are pretty standard , depending on the way the author has set up the book , but I like them always to start with the section number (the line number in the MW) , that way it is clear what order they will be in when played.Yours was a simple book - no preface and a section per chapter but this is often not the case. So the section number may not match the chapter or the track numberSo you need only put the album (usually the book title)the artist (the author usually)And the title you have entered in the magic windowThe other fields are entered at cataloguing.Hope this is clear - if not ask   . Cataloguing has begun , I'll post back when it is finishedAnne