The Girl Who Sat by the Ashes by Padraic Colum (1881-1972). Volunteers outside the USA: Padraic Colum died in 1972.  His work is still protected by copyright in places, like Europe, where copyright is author's death plus 70 years, Australia (author's death plus 70 years for authors who died after 1954) or Canada (author's death plus 50 years).This project is now complete.  All audio files can be found on our catalog page here:http://librivox.org/the-girl-who-sat-by-the-ashes-by-padraic-colum/ Quote:"Because she used to herd Goats in the high places and the rocky places, she went by the name of Girl-go-with-the-Goats. But that was not the name that she herself called herself. She called herself Maid-alone..." So begins Padriac Colum's rendition of this classical, well-known tale. He was a master story teller, and in this short book combines vivid characters and a depth of plot with the rough-hewn simplicity the story demands. If you are fond of Cinderella stories, you will enjoy this book. And if you believe you dislike all such, it may yet win you over and change your mind. (summary by actura)How to claim a part, and 'how it all works' hereTo find a section to record, simply look at point 5. below at the sections. All the ones without names beside them are “up for grabs.” Click "Post reply" at the top left of the screen and tell us which section you’d like to read (include the section number from the left-most column in the reader list, please). Read points 6. to 8. below for what to do before, during and after your recording.New to recording?Please read our Newbie Guide to Recording!Is there a deadline?We ask that you submit your recorded sections within 1-2 months of placing your claim (or by the target completion date, whatever is sooner). Please note that to be fair to the readers who have completed their sections in a timely way, if you haven't submitted your recording(s) after two months, your sections will automatically be re-opened for other readers to claim, unless you post in this thread to request an extension. Extensions will be granted at the discretion of the Book Coordinator. If you cannot do your section, for whatever reason, just let me know and it’ll go back to the pool. There’s no shame in this; we’re all volunteers and things happen. The target completion date for this project is 30-June-2011.Where do I find the text?Source text (please only read from this text!): http://www.mainlesson.com/display.php?author=colum&book=girl&story=_contentsPlease claim sections (the numbers in the first column below)!If this is your first recording, please let me know under which name or pseudonym you'd like to appear in the LibriVox catalogue. We can also link to a personal website/blog.Prospective Prooflisteners: Please read the Listeners Wanted FAQ before listening! Level of prooflistening requested: StandardMagic Window:
 
BC AdminBEFORE recording:Please check the Recording Notes: