A friend of mine made me aware of this Confession of Faith not 2 weeks ago, so I have taken a bit of an interest in it since you have resurrected this reading project.  I would have asked to PL this thing if that blasted TriciaG had not beat me to the punch   

rebread wrote:This is not at all as easy as I originally imagined!One of the first things I noticed about Librivox too.    It gets easier with time though.  I have figured out tricks on how to speed up my own self-editing, and prooflistening - with practice, you will figure out your own tricks too.rebread wrote:The wording is somewhat stilted for today's English, and sometimes I must read it several times before I break it up just right to make the intended sense of it, but I don't mean to complain, as I am studying and reviewing this text as I go along. I have found that to be the case with most open-source material.  Much of the reading material is not as 'user friendly' as one finds today, but I think that is just a product of the times on which this stuff was written.  I have also discovered what you seem to imply here - it is that an audio recording of a book is necessarily a translation of that book.  Just by emphasizing one word or phrase in a sentence over another can subtly change the meaning of that sentence, even though it is read word-perfect!!  Do I take it as a bit of a responsibility on myself to try and get that translation right, or do I re-interpret in my own way?  That is a real issue, especially with these revered religious works.  But it is a fun challenge..!!rebread wrote:My breathing is often too noticeable, especially when unintentionally I breath through my nose and mouth simultaneously. I have tried to edit the more distracting instances out. The lesser-offending breath sounds I left in, but working on those. Cannot practically take them all out.

My advice?  Don't worry about your breathing.  I know everybody on here is different and has a different recording philosophy, but breathing is natural and human.  Recordings with the breathing edited out sounds very unnatural to me.  I guess, bottom line, do what seems most natural to you..!!  

Again - good luck on this project REBread..!!   