The wishing ring by Mendele Mokher Sefarim – LAWThis project is complete!  All audio files can be found on our catalog page:http://librivox.org/the-wishing-ring-by-mendele-mokher-sfarim/ Quote:Mendele Mocher Seforim (Mendele Book seller, Literary name for Shalom Jacob Abramovitsch) (1835 - 1917, b. Kapulye, Belorussia), one of the first modern Jewish writers, wrote in both Hebrew and Yiddish throughout his career. In his work he described with sharp satirical criticism the traditional life in small Jewish towns, as well as tendencies for assimilation of learned Jews at the time. He was regarded as the "grandfather of Yiddish literature" but the Hebraic-Zionist atmosphere in Odessa influenced him, and in 1886 he turned to writing Hebrew fiction. Being a Jew has never been easy, certainly not in the 19th century Eastern Europe. Mendele Mokher Sefarim wrote with love, and bitterness, about the harsh conditions of Jewish life at the time. The book tells the story of Hershele who leaves the harsh conditions in Russia for Germany, there to become an educated man of the world, but at the same time remaining a committed Jew. The book was first written in Yiddish (Dos Vintshfingerl) and later translated by the author into Hebrew (Emek Ha-Bakha, the vale of tears). Target completion date: September 2010Text source (only read from this text!): http://benyehuda.org/mos/baxa.html Type of proof-listening required: See the FAQ in the Listeners/Editors Wanted forum for information, and copy from there the description of the type of proof-listening needed for this project.IMPORTANT - soloist, please note: in order to limit the amount of languishing projects (and hence the amount of files on our hard-pressed server), we ask that you post an update at least once a month in your project thread, even if you haven't managed to record anything. If we don't hear from you for three months, your project will be opened up to a group project as soon as a Book Coordinator can be found. Files you have completed will be used in this project. If you haven't recorded anything yet, your project will be removed from the forum (contact any admin to have it re-instated). MAGIC WINDOW:(BC admin)The reader will record the following at the beginning and end of each file: 