Jason Esteves wrote:Hi, Here is 9: http://upload.librivox.org/share/upload ... sterne.mp3I apologize for the hum. I tried to noise remove it, and it helped a little. It's listenable, however, I am still not satisfied with it. Hope you have a different opinion. The duration is 22.35I'll have 10 to you soon. Thanks, Jason

Hello Jason:  At the times indicated below there is a problem of either omitted words, repeated words, stumbles etc.  I am wondering if you have done any editing before you post your recordings?  I am also wondering if at this time it might be best to make corrections to the already posted chapters before posting another.  You have a nice voice to listen to but I am concerned about your editing.  


Mim


@ 00:29 But not so often, an' please your honour, replied the corporal—my uncle Toby gave a nod. 

@ 00:32 It was a thousand pities then, said the corporal, casting his eye upon Dunkirk, and the mole, as Servius Sulpicius, in returning out of Asia (when he sailed from Aegina towards Megara), did upon Corinth and Pyreus— 


@ 1:35 I do not like the subject the worse, Trim, said my uncle Toby, on that score: But prithee what is this story? thou hast excited my curiosity. 

@ 1:55  to such, Trim, a man should ever bring one half of the entertainment along with him; 

@ 2:21  The corporal made his reverence; and though it is not so easy a matter as the world imagines, to pull off a lank Montero-cap with grace—or a whit less difficult, in my conceptions, when a man is sitting squat upon the ground, to make a bow so teeming with respect as the corporal was wont; yet by suffering the palm of his right hand, which was towards his master, to slip backwards upon the grass, a little beyond his body, in order to allow it the greater sweep—and by an unforced compression, at the same time, of his cap with the thumb and the two forefingers of his left, by which the diameter of the cap became reduced, so that it might be said, rather to be insensibly squeez'd—than pull'd off with a flatus—the corporal acquitted himself of both in a better manner than the posture of his affairs promised; and having hemmed twice, to find in what key his story would best go, and best suit his master's humour,—he exchanged a single look of kindness with him, and set off thus. 


@ 3:46 —The eye of Goodness espieth all things—so that before the corporal had well got through the first five words of his story, had my uncle Toby twice touch'd his Montero-cap with the end of his cane, interrogatively—

@ 4:39  There is no occasion, Trim, quoth my uncle Toby, to say any thing else; and was a man to puzzle his brains till Doom's day, I believe, Trim, it would be impossible. 


@ 5 :58 The corporal bowed; for of every century, and of every year of that century, from the first creation of the world down to Noah's flood; and from Noah's flood to the birth of Abraham; through all the pilgrimages of the patriarchs, to the departure of the Israelites out of Egypt—

@ 6:56—I tell you plainly it was; but from a different reason than you wot of— 


@ 7:12—the corporal took it, and set out with it afresh on his expedition to Bohemia. 



@ 7:42—but likewise on the score, Trim, of thy own story; because if there are—and which, from what thou hast dropt, I partly suspect to be the fact


@ 8:26 The Story of the King of Bohemia and His Seven Castles, Continued. 


@ 8:41—Leave out the date entirely, Trim, quoth my uncle Toby, leaning forwards, and laying his hand gently upon the corporal's shoulder to temper the interruption



@ 9:32  so as to appear always like what he is upon the parade; what business, added the corporal triumphantly, has a soldier, an' please your honour, to know any thing at all of geography? 




@ 9:52  he must be acquainted intimately with every country and its boundaries where his profession carries him; 



@ 10:07 but he should be able at first sight to tell thee what is its name—in what mountains it takes its rise—what is its course—how far it is navigable—where fordable—where not; he should know the fertility of every valley, as well as the hind who ploughs it; and be able to describe, or, if it is required, to give thee an exact map of all the plains and defiles, the forts, the acclivities, the woods and morasses, thro' and by which his army is to march; 




@ 10:58 as he began to warm in this part of his discourse—how Marlborough could have marched his army from the banks of the Maes to Belburg; 



@ 11:56 where he broke in upon the enemy's works; forced his passage over the Danube; 


@ 11:51—As for Chronology, I own, Trim, continued my uncle Toby, sitting down again coolly in his sentry-box, that of all others, it seems a science which the soldier might best spare, was it not for the lights which that science must one day give him, in determining the invention of powder; 

@ 12:33 or too inquisitive in knowing what great man was the discoverer, and what occasions gave birth to it. 







@ 12:57—a certain priest, whose name was Schwartz, shew'd the use of powder to the Venetians, in their wars against the Genoese; but 'tis certain he was not the first; because if we are to believe Don Pedro, the bishop of Leon—How came priests and bishops, an' please your honour, to trouble their heads so much about gun-powder? 



@ 13:43  —And all the world knows, that Friar Bacon had wrote expressly about it, and had generously given the world a receipt to make it by, above a hundred and fifty years before even Schwartz was born—And that the Chinese, added my uncle Toby, embarrass us, and all accounts of it, still more, by boasting of the invention some hundreds of years even before him— 


@ 14:39  My uncle Toby, tho' in the utmost distress for a comparison, most courteously refused Trim's offer—till Trim telling him, he had half a dozen more in Bohemia, which he knew not how to get off his hands—


@ 15:20 and other military affairs, that tho' he had desired the corporal to go on, yet the many interruptions he had given, dwelt not so strong upon his fancy as to account for the epithet—



@ 15:33—The corporal, wishing first the word and all its synonimas at the devil, forthwith began to run back in his mind, the principal events in the King of Bohemia's story; from every one of which,




@ 18:15 —And I believe, continued Trim, to this day, that the shot which disabled me at the battle of Landen, 



@ 19:04 —I dare say, answered Trim, that every drummer and serjeant's son in the regiment knew of it—It's high time I should—said my uncle Toby. 

@ 19:42
Gallant mortal! cried my uncle Toby, caught up with enthusiasm—this moment, now that all is lost, I see him galloping across me, corporal, to the left, to bring up the remains of the English horse along with him to support the right, and tear the laurel from Luxembourg's brows, 



@ 20:23—it did not altogether strike the corporal's fancy when he had made it—but it could not be recall'd—so he had nothing to do, but proceed. 


@ 20:36  As the number of wounded was prodigious, and no one had time to think of any thing but his own safety—



@ 20:47 Thou wast so; poor fellow! replied my uncle Toby—So that it was noon the next day, continued the corporal, before I was exchanged, and put into a cart with thirteen or fourteen more, in order to be convey'd to our hospital. 


@ 21:09  Except the groin; said my uncle Toby. An' please your honour, replied the corporal, the knee, in my opinion, must certainly be the most acute, there being so many tendons and what-d'ye-call-'ems all about it. 

@ 21:26 —there being not only as many tendons and what-d'ye-call-'ems (for I know their names as little as thou dost)—about it—but moreover ...— 



@ 21:56—was for giving up the point, which my uncle Toby would not allow—'Tis a proof of nothing, Trim, said he, but the generosity of thy temper— So that whether the pain of a wound in the groin (caeteris paribus) is greater than the pain of a wound in the knee—or