This project is now complete! All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/library-of-the-worlds-best-mystery-and-detective-stories-volume-2-by-julian-hawthorne-ed/ Library of the World's Best Mystery and Detective Stories, volume 2 by Julian Hawthorne (editor).  (1846-1934)Click here to be notified by email when this book is complete!Quote:In the six volumes of the Library of the World's Best Mystery and Detective Stories, Julian Hawthorne presents us thrilling and mysterious short stories from all corners of the world. Some of the stories appeared in this collection for the first time translated into English, and many of them come from unexpected sources, such as the letters of Pliny the Younger, or a Tibetan manuscript. In the second volume, we find stories written by English and Scotch authors. (Summary by Leni)How to claim a part, and 'how it all works' hereTo find a section to record, simply look at point 5. below at the sections. All the ones without names beside them are “up for grabs.” Click "Post reply" at the top left of the screen and tell us which section you’d like to read (include the section number from the left-most column in the reader list, please). Read points 6. to 8. below for what to do before, during and after your recording.New to recording?Please read our Newbie Guide to Recording!Is there a deadline?We ask that you submit your recorded sections within 1-2 months of placing your claim (or by the target completion date, whatever is sooner). Please note that to be fair to the readers who have completed their sections in a timely way, if you haven't submitted your recording(s) after two months, your sections will automatically be re-opened for other readers to claim, unless you post in this thread to request an extension. Extensions will be granted at the discretion of the Book Coordinator. If you cannot do your section, for whatever reason, just let me know and it’ll go back to the pool. There’s no shame in this; we’re all volunteers and things happen. The target completion date for this project is July 12, 2010.Where do I find the text?Source text (please only read from this text!): http://www.archive.org/details/libraryworldsbe02presgoogSPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: This book will be read from an Internet Archive image file. Click on the link above and choose your format. Personally, I use the Read Online option, but the PDF and the Djvu work just fine as well. The number of the page is the same in the three formats. Look for the page number and the story indicated in the Magic Window. Stop reading when the story has ended, or when you arrive at the sentence indicated in the Window.All sections are around 15 pages, some much shorter.If you find any difficulties, please do PM me, I'll be glad to help. Please claim sections (the numbers in the first column below)!If this is your first recording, please let me know under which name or pseudonym you'd like to appear in the LibriVox catalogue. We can also link to a personal website/blog.Prospective Prooflisteners: Please read the Listeners Wanted FAQ before listening! Level of prooflistening requested: StandardMAGIC WINDOW:(BC admin) BEFORE recording:Please check the Recording Notes: