a.r.dobbs wrote:1. I recommend you partner up with one or even two experienced volunteers. DONE Quote:2. Casting so many male roles is very difficult. Very difficult. Consider asking folks to read for multiple roles. If you had a minimum of 3 women and 5 men, you could get all the roles very nicely read with little character adjustments by the readers.We are considering this option but still need more people to audition.  Everyone feel free to post some sample dialogue here in the thread. Let us know what part you are interested in and if you are interested in more than one.  If you are interested in more than one part and they happen to be in a scene together read all the lines in the scene.Quote:3. Are you asking people to PM you? Is that what you mean "please message me"? That will definitely slow things down. If you have a co-BC you'll need folks to post directly to the thread, and you'll get folks much much faster that way, too.You may PM either Poet or me, if you would rather, or post in the thread.Quote:1. What is your target date for completion?2. What roles are already cast (if any) and who is cast in them?3. Are you going to read for any of the characters?4. What is the meaning of li-- oh, how did that get in here? 1) The tentative date for having files in is October 30th.  2) Nothing in stone as of yet.3) Erm.... not sure4) LibriVoxQuote:By the way, do you want folks to use their natural accents:American / British / Australian / Canadian / EverywhereElseanor did you want everyone to try for a British accent?Accent seems to be a theme here.
I've talked with Poet about this, the decision was to try for Britishish accents 'to try and keep the "Shakespeare feel."'

Please do not let this stop you auditioning if British is not your native accent.  It's certainly not my first accent and for better or worse it doesn't stop me.  Give it a try you may surprise yourself.
(If you want to someone to listen to your accent PM me a link and I'll let you know how it is.)