Ox-Team Days on the Oregon Trail, by Ezra Meeker (1830-1928) and Howard R. Driggs(1873-1963). This project is now complete! All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/ox-team-days-on-the-oregon-trail-by-ezra-meeker/ Quote:Ezra Meeker...was an early pioneer who traveled the Oregon Trail by ox cart as a young man. Beginning in his 70s, he worked tirelessly to memorialize the trail, repeatedly retracing the trip of his youth. This book is a memoir of those days.(Summary by Wikipedia)How to claim a part, and 'how it all works' hereTo find a section to record, simply look at point 5. below at the sections. All the ones without names beside them are “up for grabs.” Click "Post reply" at the top left of the screen and tell us which section you’d like to read (include the section number from the left-most column in the reader list, please). Read points 6. to 8. below for what to do before, during and after your recording.New to recording?Please read our Newbie Guide to Recording!Is there a deadline?Target completion date of this project: December 30, 2009 – but try to send your recordings as soon as you can. Please note that if we haven't heard from you for two months, your section(s) will automatically be re-opened for other readers. If you cannot do your section, for whatever reason, just let me know and it’ll go back to the pool. There’s no shame in this; we’re all volunteers and things happen.Where do I find the text?Source text (please only read from this text!): http://www.gutenberg.org/etext/29543 If there are further paragraph-like legends to maps, I'd like people to read them; sighted people can look at the pix on the Gutenberg site. Do not read the titles to illustrations however.Please claim sections (the numbers in the first column below)!If this is your first recording, please let me know under which name or pseudonym you'd like to appear in the LibriVox catalogue. We can also link to a personal website/blog.Prospective Prooflisteners: Please read the Listeners Wanted FAQ before listening! Level of prooflistening requested: StandardMAGIC WINDOW:(BC admin)BEFORE recording:Please check the Recording Notes: