I took great pains to render the right word stress, but it seems I have still messed up a lot. I had already perceived I used to stress wrongly the conj. impf., but some have escaped my notice. For my purposes, it is an unallowable and unacceptable error. I will correct them wherever they are detected.

In nuptiarum and subtus, as elsewhere in obturetur, where I insert an 'i' between the labials and the dental 't', the cause lies in those damned 'consonantal cluster'   we have already discussed. I will fix them.

But as to the "-que" word stress I may have some excuses. Following the example of the Greek language, I became convinced that the enclitic -que in Latin (as the τε in Greek) didn't really suppress the original stress, but made it a secondary one. So I would read hómines+que as hóminésque (the first being something more of a melodic accent than a stress). I may perhaps sometimes have over stressed the first accent, to the detriment of the second, but I tried to say them both. Even in Modern Greek one says, for instance, ο διδάσκαλος μου (my teacher) as 'o didáskalós mou' (μου being enclitic). This may help to explain why in Latin the last syllable before the -que was stressed even when short. Perhaps the greater importance assumed later by word stress (as contrasted with the melodic accent) led the old grammarians to take note only of the stress before -que. But perhaps it does not mean that the original word accent had been altogether, if ever, lost. It seems to me the oldest testimony about this matter is as late as Servius, ad Verg. 1, 116 (c. 420 AD), if we may conclude so from Kühner's Ausführliche Grammatik der Lateinischen Sprache § 51, 2.  
This may also help to explain why there was no unanimity among the grammarians as to the right stressing of itaque, if only ítaque or sometimes itáque. Compare Allen and Greenough § 12, a. as opposed to  Kühner § 51, 2, a, for whom ítaque is the only right stressing:
Quote:Der von den Grammatikern gemachte Unterschied ítaque = 'daher' und itáque = 'und so' (...) scheint nicht begründet.
Perhaps both are right and both wrong, for there may be two accents of different kinds. Therefore I tried to read ìtáque (being 'ì' a rather melodic accent), following my general rule, and so avoiding 'ad hoc' exceptions. If I succeeded or not in making this distinction clear to the listener is another matter. 

Thank you again for your remarks. You may see by what I say how much they are of interest to me. 
I will start with the corrections right away.