The Wars of the Jews by Josephus. Translated by William Whiston (d.1752).This project is now complete! All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/the-wars-of-the-jews-by-josephus/ Quote:The Wars of the Jews (or The History of the Destruction of Jerusalem, or as it usually appears in modern English translations, The Jewish War - original title: Phlauiou Iôsêpou historia Ioudaïkou polemou pros Rhômaious bibliona) is a book written by the 1st century Jewish historian Josephus.It is a description of Jewish history from the capture of Jerusalem by the Seleucid ruler Antiochus IV Epiphanes in 164 BC to the fall and destruction of Jerusalem in the First Jewish-Roman War in AD 70. The book was written about 75, originally in Josephus's "paternal tongue", probably Aramaic, though this version has not survived. It was later translated into Greek, probably under the supervision of Josephus himself.The sources of knowledge that we have of this war are: Josephus's account and from the Talmud (gittin 57b) and in midrash Eichah. (Summary by Wikipedia)How to claim a part, and 'how it all works' hereTo find a section to record, simply look at point 5. below at the sections. All the ones without names beside them are “up for grabs.” Click "Post reply" at the top left of the screen and tell us which section you’d like to read (include the section number from the left-most column in the reader list, please). Read points 6. to 8. below for what to do before, during and after your recording.New to recording?Please read our Newbie Guide to Recording!Is there a deadline?Target completion date of this project: 31 October 2009 – but try to send your recordings as soon as you can. Please note that if we haven't heard from you for two months, your section(s) will automatically be re-opened for other readers. If you cannot do your section, for whatever reason, just let me know and it’ll go back to the pool. There’s no shame in this; we’re all volunteers and things happen.Where do I find the text?Source text (please only read from this text!): Please read from the text link for each section in the magic window. These also give the intro/outro and the footnotes. (See note on the footnotes below.)Original text from http://www.gutenberg.org/etext/2850A note on the footnotesI have inserted the footnotes into the main text body in the Google documents. If you feel like they should be elsewhere (at the end of a different phrase or sentence), please read them where you feel they fit best.Please claim sections (the numbers in the first column below)!If this is your first recording, please let me know under which name or pseudonym you'd like to appear in the LibriVox catalogue. We can also link to a personal website/blog.Prospective Prooflisteners: Please read the Listeners Wanted FAQ before listening! Level of prooflistening requested: Modified Word Perfect Proof Listening- Proof-listening against the text-- While listening, follow the online text and note any differences that change the meaning (with the time).-- Do the intro and disclaimer match the instructions in the first post of the project thread?-- Are there any long silences or pauses that ought to be edited out? If so, note the time.-- Are there any stumbles or repeats that ought to be edited out? If so, note the words and the time.-- Is there excessive background noise, a constant hiss or buzz that detracts from the reading?-- Did you need to turn your volume up unusually high to listen to the recording? (Or did you find the recording too loud?)-- Are the correct closing words used at the end of the recording, as per the first post of the project thread?-- Are there 5 seconds of silence (10 if the recording is more than 30 minutes long) at the end of the file? MAGIC WINDOW:(BC admin)BEFORE recording:Please check the Recording Notes: