Mary Queen of Scots by Jacob Abbott. This project is now complete! All audio files can be found on our catalog page: http://librivox.org/mary-queen-of-scots-by-jacob-abbott/Quote: There are certain names which are familiar, as names, to all mankind; and every person who seeks for any degree of mental cultivation, feels desirous of informing himself of the leading outlines of their history, that he may know, in brief, what it was in their characters or their doings which has given them so widely-extended a fame. Consequently, great historical names alone are selected; and it has been the writer's aim to present the prominent and leading traits in their characters, and all the important events in their lives, in a bold and free manner, and yet in the plain and simple language which is so obviously required in works which aim at permanent and practical usefulness. This volume is dedicated to Mary Queen of Scots. (Summary from the preface of the book)  How to claim a part, and 'how it all works' here To find a section to record, simply look at point 5. below at the sections. All the ones without names beside them are “up for grabs.” Click "Post reply" at the top left of the screen and tell us which section you’d like to read (include the section number from the left-most column in the reader list, please). Read points 6. to 8. below for what to do before, during and after your recording. New to recording? Please read our Newbie Guide to Recording! Is there a deadline? Target completion date of this project: July, 2009 – but try to send your recordings as soon as you can. If you cannot do your section, for whatever reason, just let me know and it’ll go back to the pool. There’s no shame in this; we’re all volunteers and things happen. Where do I find the text? Source text (please only read from this text!): http://www.mainlesson.com/display.php?author=abbott&book=mary&story=_contentsPlease claim sections (the numbers in the first column below)!If this is your first recording, please let me know under which name or pseudonym you'd like to appear in the LibriVox catalogue. We can also link to a personal website/blog. Prospective Prooflisteners: Please read the Listeners Wanted FAQ before listening! Level of prooflistening requested: standartMAGIC WINDOW:(BC admin) BEFORE recording: Please check the Recording Notes: