Merging the other thread into this one:

desert pilgrim wrote:I would like to do a solo recording of the book of Joel from the Old Testament.  I have just completed my first recording (section 19 of Confessions by St. Augustine) and the MC (Rainer) liked it.  I don't know how to go about planning this project or who to contact about it.  I would be happy to do this as part of others efforts in doing the King James Version of the Bible.  If someone could let me know what to do next, I would appreciate it.Thanks,Susan.kmerline wrote:Hello, pilgrim, and welcome to LibriVox!Although we have just finished up collaborative recordings of the World English Bible Old and New Testaments, I don't think we have any collaborative Bible reading projects underway right now.You can check to see what has been done and what is under way at:http://librivox.org/newcatalog/search.p ... ion=SearchThere is a solo of the "Old" King James bible partially completed, but I believe it's currently on hold.  (The "New" King James version isn't public domain.)We do welcome multiple versions, so if you would like to solo the "old" King James version of Joel, please do!You can start it by copying the template at:http://librivox.org/wiki/moin.cgi/Proje ... orSoloistsPlease fill in all of the requested information.  When you're done, post the result in this forum, and a coordinator will help you from there.Have fun!TriciaG wrote:desert pilgrim wrote:I would like to do a solo recording of the book of Joel from the Old Testament.  I have just completed my first recording (section 19 of Confessions by St. Augustine) and the MC (Rainer) liked it.  I don't know how to go about planning this project or who to contact about it.  I would be happy to do this as part of others efforts in doing the King James Version of the Bible.  If someone could let me know what to do next, I would appreciate it.Thanks,Susan.Go here: http://librivox.org/forum/viewtopic.php?t=13513 and read how to set up a solo recording. You can edit your OP here and stick in the info you need.lomond wrote:Greetings -You will need a proof listener for your Joel project, pilgrim, and I would be happy to do that for you.Lomonddesert pilgrim wrote:Thank you Lomand, that is wonderful.  I don't have an MC yet, not sure how to go about getting one!miss stav wrote:Hi Susan,start the solo and than, I am sure, an mc would come to help you.Stav.