This project is complete. All the files can be downloaded from our catalogue: http://librivox.org/kniga-zitij-svjatyh ... of-rostov/ 

 Zhitiia Sviatykh na mesiats aprillii (Жития Святых на месяц априллий)

This is the Eighth Volume of the 12 volume collection of "Lives of the Saints" by St. Dimitrij of Rostov.

Summary: Quote:Жития и похвалы святых подобятся светлостию звездам: якоже бо звезды положением на небеси утвержденны суть, всю же поднебесную просвещают, тыяжде и от Индиан зрятся, ни сокрываются от скифов, землю озаряют, и морю светят, и плавающих корабли управляют: ихже имен аще и не вемы множества ради, обаче светлей доброте их чудимся. Сице и светлость святых, аще и затворены суть мощи их во гробех, но силы их в поднебесней земными пределы не суть определенны: чудимся тех житию, и удивляемся славе, еюже Бог угодившыя Ему прославляет.[St. Symeon Metaphrastes on the Lives of the Saints, 10th century A. D. ENGLISH TRANSLATION: The lives and the eulogies of the Saints resemble, by their luminosity, the stars: for as the stars, firmly studded in the firmament as they are, illume the entire universe, and the same stars are beheld by the Indians, and are not hid from the Scythians, and shed their radiance over the earth and the seas, and show the way to the ships: and even if we know not their names for their multitude’s sake, we as yet admire their brilliant loveliness. So, too, doeth the brilliance of the Saints, even when their relics are shut under a tombstone, yet their miracles in the entire universe are not bound by earthly confines: we admire their lives and wonder at the glory wherewith God glorifieth those who have pleased Him.This succinct description is found as introduction to each of the 12 volumes of the Church Slavonic Lives.] 
Example of your file names: zitijasvjatyh_april_xx_denxx_dimitrij.mp3
Example of your ID3 tags: 
Title: xx - Aprillii xx - [Life's Title] Artist: Sv. Dimitrii Rostovskii Album: Zhitiia sviatykh na mesiats aprillii Example of your disclaimer: For the first file: The same disclaimer as usual (the "long" version). For the next files, the short version of the disclaimer: Intro: (Part # of) "Den" ## of "Zhitiia Sviatykh na mesiats aprilii" read for LibriVox.org  [Add, if you wish, date, your location, and/or your personal url]. Life's Title ... (text). Outro: End of (part # of) day ## of April. This recording is in the public domain. For the last file, add This concludes the reading of  "Zhitiia Sviatykh na mesiats aprilii" [readers]1988[/readers](Edit me)Full title: Жития Святых на месяц априллий (на церковнославянстем языце) / Zhitiia Sviatykh na mesiats aprillii (in the Church Slavonic language)Full name of author(s): Святитель Димитрий Ростовский / Dimitrii, Saint Metropolitan of RostovFull name of translator (if applicable, and if available): Link to PD text source: The text is not available onlineLink to author on Wikipedia (if available): Димитрий РостовскийLink to title on Wikipedia (if available): Димитрий РостовскийTarget completion date (an estimate which can be changed): April 2008Short description: See above.Number of sections (files) this project will have: 58Does the project have an introduction [y/n]: No.Original publication date (if known): End of 17th, beginning of 18th century; the edition I use was printed in Moscow 1898.Year of author's death (note: in some countries copyright is author's death + 50 or 70 years): 1709.Do you have server space to store your files?: I have.If you're a new volunteer, how would you like your name (or pseudonym) credited in the catalog? Do you have a URL you would like associated with your name?: EuthymiusExample of your file names: zitijasvjatyh_septemvrij_xx_denxx_dimitrijExample of your ID3 tags: Title: xx - Aprillii xx - [Life's Title] Artist: Sv. Dimitrii Rostovskii Album: Zhitiia sviatykh na mesiats aprillii 