This project is complete. All the files can be downloaded from our catalogue: http://librivox.org/the-book-of-micah-asv/ 

Micah ASV 

Quote:The book may be divided into three sections:Chapters 1–3 mainly consist of oracles of judgment.Chapters 4–5 of oracles of hope.Chapters 6–7 begins with judgment and moves to hope.Chapters 1–3 mainly consist of oracles of judgment. The judgment motif is so strong in this book that Micah only preached about judgment. Judgment in Micah is seen in the destruction of Samaria, in the coming of an invader against Jerusalem, in the greedy land-grabbers' loss of their land and in their being abandoned by Yahweh, in shame for the false prophets, in the siege of Jerusalem and the cleaning of the land from idolatry and militarism.Chapters 4–5 consist of oracles of hope. The prophet said that those conditions would not prevail forever. Judgment would come but a saved, chastened, and faithful remnant would survive. A new king from the line of David would be replace the present weak king on the throne. He would reign in the majesty of the name of Yahweh. His people would dwell securely and he would be great to the ends of earths.Chapters 6–7 begin with judgment and move to hope. Micah puts a protest on the people's lips, offering any religious response God cared to ask for. God's indictment becomes specific in 6:9–16. Violence, deception, and crooked business practices were rampant. They would bring desolation and destruction to the land. The reference to Omri and Ahab indicates that the same kinds of corruption that destroyed the northern kingdom had now spread to Judah.In conclusion, Micah's later hearers take his messages to heart. His words of hope gave them new heart to live as God's people in a darkened world.(Summary by Wikipedia) 
Target completion date:  May 2008 Text source (only read from this text!):  http://ebible.org/asv/Micah.htm Type of proof-listening required:  Word-perfect  Proof Listening- Proof-listening against the text-- While listening, follow the online text and note any differences (with the time).-- Do the intro and disclaimer match the instructions in the first post of the project thread?-- Are there any long silences or pauses that ought to be edited out? If so, note the time.-- Are there any stumbles or repeats that ought to be edited out? If so, note the words and the time.-- Is there excessive background noise, a constant hiss or buzz that detracts from the reading?-- Did you need to turn your volume up unusually high to listen to the recording? (Or did you find the recording too loud?)-- Are the correct closing words used at the end of the recording, as per the first post of the project thread?-- Are there 5 seconds of silence (10 if the recording is more than 30 minutes long) at the end of the file? [readers]2148[/readers](BC admin)The reader will record the following at the beginning and end of each file: 