This collection is now complete and can be downloaded from the LibriVox catalogue: http://librivox.org/short-story-collect ... y-various/

Short Story Collection 022

How to submit a story, and 'how it all works' herePlease select and record any short story in the public domain. Try to stick to works that run less than 60 minutes. You are welcome to contribute as many as you wish, and there is no need to "sign-up" before recording... as long as the work is clearly in the public domain, just start recording. Multiple versions are always welcome, so don't worry whether someone else has recorded your selection already; we're happy to hear your version too. Stories should be fiction, (submit non-fiction stories to the NF Collection in this forum). If your story involves ghosts, mystery, or sci-fi, please submit to the Short Ghost Story Collection, the Short Mystery Story Collection, or the Short Sci-fi Collection, also in this forum.Click "Post reply" at the top left of the screen and tell us which story you are submitting to the collection. Please include all this information:• link to the text source• author name• title of the story• duration (runtime) of the file• if this is your first recording: how you would like to be listed in the LibriVox catalogue. We can also link to a personal web site/blog.Read points 5. to 7. below for what to do before, during and after your recording, and how to send your file.New to recording?Please read our Newbie Guide to Recording!Is there a deadline?No. This collection will be open until it is full (10 stories have been submitted), at which point another one may be started.Where can I find short stories?Try http://www.gutenberg.org/Stories submitted to this collection so far:[readers]1736[/readers](Admin link)Stories readers intend to record for this collection:The Man Upstairs by P.G. Wodehouse (Daedelus)The King of the Polar Bears by Frank L. Baum (amelita)The Angel of the Odd by Edgar Allan Poe (dpl111)Was it heaven? Or hell? by Mark Twain (Blakas)The Beauties by Anton Chekhov (crawdad)BEFORE recording:Please check the Recording Notes: