thistlechick wrote:more NaNoWriMo humor:http://www.askdreldritch.com/comic173.htmland more:http://www.askdreldritch.com/comic176.html
funny! funny!

The Mystery, sort of, so far
This is confusing and time-consuming, but I will try to sketch the general shape of the story at present. I'll add to it, right here, as I steal time from more pressing matters.

Everybody's going to Rome or is there already. Elder's office/home/compound and The Order headquarters are in Rome. (Though chapter 9 tried to position Elder in England at an abbey, it didn't take root in subsequent chapters). 

Either acting alone or on behalf of The Order, Elder arranged for Tracey to come to Elder's office/compound so she could meet with Elder and then go on to help Trevor (with something). Tracey's family was moved to the Hudson LibriDocks in New York, where they would be safe from GLOBAL agents.

Somehow, perhaps en route to Elder, Tracey was kidnapped by GLOBAL, and an imposter (I'll call her TopTracey) took her place and, apparently, traveled to Rome with Gerhardt.

But rather than Elder meeting with Tracey over tea and cakes,
the unexplained Red first kept TopTracey in the dark without food for days, and then fed her. Red wants Tracey to... I don't remember.

TopTracey's purpose in posing as Tracey was to find Red and then destroy the Order. (maybe Top doesn't realize that Elder exists?)
The Order discovered that RealTracey was ...in the Swiss Alps, held by GLOBAL, who acted like her family was in danger (instead of safe at the LibriDocks).
So The Order used their double-agent/mole in GLOBAL to slip RealTracey away from GLOBAL, at which point the GLOBAL mole in The Order reports to TopTracey that RealTracey is now gone again and Trevor is still alive.
So TopTracey is still in Rome with Red
RealTracey is en route to Rome via an agent from The Order
And Gerhardt is taking Trevor to Rome in a private jet...
Rebecca/Hazel is dead (a former agent for not-GLOBAL and not-Order but not bad and not named)
Fulvia is ... in custody (a middling for GLOBAL, but entrepreneurial)
Professor Prazak is being held hostage by GLOBAL, maybe in New York

Rebecca/Hazel's agency wanted Trevor to hack GLOBAL to bytes.
Elder wants Tracey and Trevor to take the reigns she must let go of soon, take over the secret leadership of The Order as the 11th, in tandem.
GLOBAL wants to find Red so they can squash The Order for good and take over the world in ... peace. They want the manuscript because it has clues to ... I don't know. They want to kill Trevor now that Red is known, or at least Top wants to kill him. They are holding Prazak because ... I don't know.

No particular information has emerged (I think) from the chunk of the manuscript that had been sent to Prazak ... Trevor had sent it ... Tracey was his source, and the ms. he sent was not in English, whereas the copies that Tracey has are translations
I don't know what the "pages and pages of information with one missing page" were that Hazel got from Gerhardt and that have dissolved from the story
I don't know what the single page in an envelope from Gerhardt through Hazel to Trevor ... was about; it has also dissolved from the story
Morse code plosives created by Peter Because when recording material that Elder told him to record have yielded the message "find Red" (approximately) -- as deciphered by Trevor

Trevor has managed to partially hack into the GLOBAL network of total data-capturing, by referring to ... I can't remember

I'll try to fill in gaps, in this same post, and make a new post to the thread whenever I've made a major update here.
If your general sense of the story as it stands differs from this, please tell me what details you have in place instead.

I'm not sure this is fun.