I have been following this discussion for a while and I have this to say:While I oppose censorship and think it is very important to record books exactly as they were written so that history is not whitewashed and sanitised - the horrendous things done in the past should not be should not be forgotten - I've noticed that a lot of people on this thread are doing some slightly problematic things.A) Equating the severely racist attitudes in some books with the nationalistic insults some countries fling at each other. These are not the same thing. English writers may insult the French and vice-versa but despite our many wars it has been centuries since either nation was in a position of power over the other. The things they say to each other may be rude but they are not harmful. Readers from neither country feel hurt when they read them. The active and casual racism (by casual I mean having a 'sympathetic' black character who is nevertheless stupid and slavishly loyal - because that is the way black people are supposed/believed to be) in these books reinforced stereotypes, helped maintain the status quo and generally caused a great deal of real harm. And more importantly they are still painful and upsetting for black people to read, if they even want to bother. They also could not be answered or challenged in any equivalent way. There are no books set in societies where white people are the slaves and black people own plantations, there are no books with stereotypically white characters. Even today a black (or Asian, or hispanic or anything else that is not white) protagonist is a comparative rarity and there are far fewer famous black modern authors than there are white ones.B) Treating racism as a 'dead' issue. (As in 'Look at the way people thought back in the olden days.') It's not. Many people alive today believe these things, and there are many more who would decry such 'extreme' views but still act in subtlety prejudiced ways - all the while denying they were doing anything of the sort. Racial discrimination is alive and well and causing pain and disadvantage to many living people.C) Treating this as a purely academic issue. It is not. These words still have the power to hurt. And people who are hurt by them have very good reason to be and this should not be ignored.I recently listened to a children's book in which mattress stuffing was likened to 'nigger's wool' (As in black people's hair - because black people have coarse, curly hair, not like the superior, smooth, straight hair that white people have *sarcasm*). It was a group reading and possibly the BC hadn't read through the entire book closely first and the reader of that section hadn't thought to mention it afterwards. But there was no mention of it in the summary.As a white person I had a moment of going 'huh,' was slightly jarred out of the story, then carried on listening and my enjoyment of an otherwise lovely story was unspoiled. But as a white person I have the luxury of ignoring racism wherever I find it - it does not have to effect me if I don't feel like dealing with it.Black people do not have this luxury. I won't speak for them, or claim they are some kind of hive mind with each of them having the same reactions to such an event, but I should think it would be obvious that after a long and stressful day someone who may already be feeling bad about some form of discrimination they have experienced should not have to unwittingly stumble across these words in something they are listening to for entertainment and relaxation.I think all instances of racially, culturally (and also sexist, ableist, homophobic, transphobic and all other forms of discrimination) insensitive language should be flagged in the summary of a book. Either as a general warning if the book is full of such language or, if it is a one off occurrence, a mention of the chapter and the nature of the words used - racial slur - rather than just 'old fashioned' or 'antiquated' language/attitudes which could mean anything.Tl;dr I agree that books should be preserved 'as is,' however the harm these words do should not be ignored and appropriate warnings should be given.