ToddHW wrote:Hobbit wrote:I'm thinking of BC'ing a dramatic reading of Treasure Island, but I don't have the technical skills to be able to edit all the individual parts together into chapters when all parts are recorded. Would it be against LV custom to BC it myself but have someone else do the editing, or would some kind soul be willing to do that for me?It is not really that hard, but I'd be delighted to help you by editing the stuff together for this.  And you will not find it hard to then do it yourself later - the text markup you are going to do for each character before you can post this book is harder than the editing in my opinion. For some reason I enjoy doing the editing - maybe cuz I live downtown on a noisy city street and this lets me do something productive when the noise is just too much for recording.Hints:  1. Make sure that readers leave good size spaces between all their dialog pieces in there submittals!! 2. Find someone to PL all the parts - narration and characters - as they come in.  I have a saintly DPL (smijen) on the Dickens play I'm doing now and it really makes assembly so much easier to know that the parts are correct.  I only need listen to a few words for each phrase to know I'm putting in the right phrase.3. I have found tricks using the Audacity label track feature that make it easy to have all the narration gaps labeled with character and cue lines.  Simplifies assembly AND lets you (or me in this case) put stuff together as each voice part arrives rather than having a massive assembly job to do at the end of the book.  I have talked about this process a couple places in the forum - like in Scarlet Pimpernel where I actually uploaded the label tracks I generated for a number of the chapters.4. Get narration first - or at least don't wait until last to get that going.  The tricks in 3 don't work well for a book without the narration track (though they do work just fine for plays that have very little narration).I'll pass on more hints as the project goes on.  Oh, and Phil probably has videos up or in work that will be helpful too.Thanks, ToddThanks a million, Todd! I'll get started preparing the text right away. And I'll make sure to make a note in the first post for the project that readers should leave a good length of silence between individual lines. I'm going to shoot for August 1st (possibly a little earlier) to launch this. Thanks again for all your suggestions, and for being willing to edit. See you in the "Treasure Island dramatic reading" thread in about a month!  