One big request coming up.

Quote:O nuit, nuit douloureuse! O toi, tardive aurore!   Viens-tu? vas-tu venir? es-tu bien loin encore?Quote:You remember old Chaulieu's sweet lines—Désert, aimable solitude,   Séjour du calme et de la paix,   Asile où n’entrèrent jamais   Le tumulte et l’inquiétude.Quote:I was always on the point of betraying it apropos des bottes--always reproaching myself for my duplicityQuote:But there was that odious mixture of mauvaise honte and impudenceQuote:The pretty little clergyman—il en est épris—he has evidently quite lost his heart to her.Quote:Aimer c’est craindre, et craindre c’est souffrir.Quote:We heard a step softly approaching the open door, and, in a horrible sauve qui peut, we rushed and stumbled together toward the light by Uncle Silas’s bed.Quote:Are we not overjoy, dearest, and cannot speak? I am full of joy—quite charmed—ravie—of seeing you.Quote:I have been commanded to avoid me faire voir, you know, and I must obey my employer—voilà tout!Not sure what of the following is actual French:Quote:“’Bout a week. It is soche triste place! I am so glad to see you, Maud! I’ve been so isolée, you dear leetle fool!”Oh.  Yay.  Madame De La Rougierre is back.Quote:“Yes, I am very glad; you know not, chère petite niaise, how I ‘av desire to educate you a leetle more. Let us understand one another. You think I do not love you, Mademoiselle, because you have mentioned to your poor papa that little dérèglement in his library. I have repent very often that so great indiscretion of my life. I thought to find some letters of Dr. Braierly. I think that man was trying to get your property, my dear Maud, and if I had found something I would tell you all about. But it was very great sottise, and you were very right to denounce me to Monsieur. Je n’ai point de rancune contre vous. No, no, none at all. On the contrary, I shall be your gardienne tutelaire—wat you call?—guardian angel—ah, yes, that is it. You think I speak par dérision; not at all. No, my dear cheaile, I do not speak par moquerie, unless perhaps the very least degree in the world.”Quote:“Oh! wat great ogly word! I am shock! vous me faites honte. Poor Madame, she never hate any one; she loves all her friends, and her enemies she leaves to Heaven; while I am, as you see, more gay, more joyeuse than ever, they have not been ‘appy—no, they have not been fortunate these others. Wen I return, I find always some of my enemy they “av die, and some they have put themselves into embarrassment, or there has arrived to them some misfortune;” and Madame shrugged and laughed a little scornfully.Quote:“You see, my dear Maud, it is very natural you should think I hate you. When I was with Mr. Austin Ruthyn, at Knowl, you know you did not like a me—never. But in consequence of our intimacy I confide you that which I 'av of most dear in the world, my reputation. It is always so. The pupil can calomniate, without been discover, the gouvernante. ‘Av I not been always kind to you, Maud? Which 'av I use of violence or of sweetness the most? I am, like other persons, jalouse de ma réputation; and it was difficult to suffer with patience the banishment which was invoked by you, because chiefly for your good, and for an indiscretion to which I was excited by motives the most pure and laudable. It was you who spied so cleverly—eh! and denounce me to Monsieur Ruthyn? Helas! wat bad world it is!”Quote:“I am not so sure of that, my sweet little béte; your education has been neglected, or rather entirely abandoned, since you 'av arrive at this place, I am told. You must not be a bestiole. We must do, you and I, as we are ordered. Mr. Silas Ruthyn he will tell us.”Quote:“Helas! Quelle disgrace! And you really think so, my dear Maud,” exclaimed Madame, adjusting her wig before her glass, in the corner of which I could see half of her sly, grinning face, as she ogled herself in it.Quote:“It may be—we shall see; but everyone is not so cruel as you, ma chère petite calomniatrice.”Quote:“Oh, fie!—wat shame! Do you not perceive, dearest cheaile, how much education you still need? You are proud, little demoiselle; you must become, on the contrary, quaite humble. Je ferai baiser le babouin à vous—ha, ha, ha! I weel make a you to kees the monkey. You are too proud, my dear cheaile.”Quote:“She threatened me with some horrid French vulgarism—de faire baiser le babouin à moi, whatever that means; and I know she hates me,” I replied, impetuously.Quote:“Why don’t a you stop the carriage?” sneered Madame. “Call a the coachman and the postilion. W’ere is the footman? Bah! elle a le cerveau mal timbré.”Quote:“Rueen! Par bleu! ma chère, you talk too fast. Did not a you see it, Mary Queence? It was the doctor’s carriage, and Mrs. Jolks, and that eempudent faylow, young Jolks, staring up to the window, and Mademoiselle she come in soche shocking déshabille to show herself knocking at the window. “Twould be very nice thing, Mary Queence, don’t you think?”Quote:“I did not think there was soche fool. Wat enfant gaté! My dear cheaile, wat a can you mean by soche strange language and conduct? Wat for should a you weesh to display yourself in the window in soche ‘orrible déshabille to the people in the doctor’s coach?”Quote:“I do not know. Bote I was to bring in a case of eau de cologne that came this evening, and he laid down a letter and say:—‘The blow has descended, Madame! My niece must hold herself in readiness.’ I said, ‘For what, Monsieur?’ twice; bote he did not answer. I am sure it is un procès. They 'av ruin him. Eh bien, my dear. I suppose we shall leave this triste place immediately. I am so rejoice. It appears to me un cimetière!”Hmm.  Here she said "ruin".  Two quotes ago, she said "Rueen" (which means "ruin" in context).  I hate writers who write dialects and accents into the dialog.  This is such a pain in the neck.And frankly, last year I had a roommate from France.  He didn't learn English until his late teens when he was in college.  And he never said anything in French while living here in America (except on the occasion we would ask him how to say something in French).  What the heck is MADAME'S FLIPPING PROBLEM?  ...Ahem.Sorry for the rant break.  Now back to the story.Quote:“Lanternes! They will never be settle,” said Madame.Quote:“If I were, you deserve it. You are very malicious, ma chère: or, it may be, only very stupid.”Quote:“Save a you, indeed! Save! What niaiserie!”Quote:“I have no confidence in you, little Maud; you are little rogue—petite traîtresse! Reflect, if you can, how you 'av always treat Madame. You 'av attempt to ruin me—you conspire with the bad domestics at Knowl to destroy me—and you expect me here to take a your part! You would never listen to me—you ‘ad no mercy for me—you join to hunt me away from your house like wolf. Well, what you expect to find me now? Bah!”Quote:“I say you are mad, petite insolente, to suppose I should care for you more than the poor hare it will care for the hound—more than the bird who has escape will love the oiseleur. I do not care—I ought not care. It is your turn to suffer. Lie down on your bed there, and suffer quaitely.”Quote:“You are a very secrete family, you Ruthyns—you are so coning. I hate the coning people. By my faith, I weel see Mr. Silas Ruthyn, and ask wat he mean. I heard him tell old Wyat that Mr. Dudley is gone away to-night. He shall tell me everything, or else I weel make echec et mat aussi vrai que je vis.”

And I think that is it.  I searched all of the rest of the chapters of UNCLE SILAS, so unless I missed some, this should be it.

Thank you so much for your help!