Let's do some beta testing, please.  I've had a struggle with it - so many rhymes, and making it scan .ETA 29th June Please see top post for files and full instructions.Tempo: too fast, too slow?Pitch: too high, too low? [size=80](see? I can't stop rhyming now  ) In B flat (range A below middle C to C above middle C)https://librivox.org/uploads/ruthieg/librivoxis9_bflat_beta.mp3or C (range B below middle C to the second D above middle C)?https://librivox.org/uploads/ruthieg/librivoxis9_c_beta.mp3 (The words start after the dum-te-dum-te-dum bit of the intro.)The low notes are in the short lines, and could be replaced in any case with speech - you'll see what I mean. I'd like to hear from you men too, as it is hard for me to judge your register. Words: any improvements most welcome.Obviously, when it is finalised, I will post PDFs of the score with lyrics.Here are the lyrics (lines in blue have been replaced owing to pronunciation differences):Quote:Some think the world is all to do with money,And nothing's free, no, nothing's free.For some of us this notion's rather funny,Including me, that goes for me!Recording books is not our paid employment -We make no loot from our pursuit.Our listeners download free for their enjoyment,To hear en route while they commute. Listen, listen, LibriVox is nine!Listen, listen, ain't it really fine?Tra la la la, tra la la la! Tra la la la, tra la la la!LibriVox is nine, Tra la la la, tra la la la!We've many authors here to entertain you.Let me explain: Public DomainMeans copyright's expired and can't restrain you.So don't complain now Mister Twain! *We've books of heroes, crooks and smart detectivesThey're good you know, in audio!To read them all is one of our objectivesGo with the flow! Give it a go! Come and join us, have yourself some fun!Come and join us, you too could be oneOf LibriVox's many readers or proof-listeners. Ta-ra!Tra la la la la, tra la la la, tra la la la. Or if you'd like to try your hand at acting,To reach your goal, a little roleIn dramas won't be terribly exacting.Get on a roll! It could be droll, Or take a part in a dramatic reading -Don't stop at one, you'll find it's fun!You'll soon find that I haven't been misleading.It's really fun, for everyone!Listen, listen, LibriVox is nine!Listen, listen, ain't it really fine?Tra la la la, tra la la la! Tra la la la, tra la la la!LibriVox is nine, Tra la la la, tra la la la!* If you are wondering about the Twain line, Twain was very, very crotchety about what he called, even then, pirates. He was an ardent campaigner for copyright extension. See http://boingboing.net/2007/09/23/mark-twains-nutty-19.html (and, of course, it rhymed  ) Danny Boy coming soon for those of you interested in doing it.Ruth