Perhaps, perhaps not. I've started rolling on my solo of Vagabonding down the Andes, and there's little question at this point that the time consuming part of this project isn't going to be the recording, it's going to be cleaning up the sound and editing out the flubs, and not make the result sound like it was recorded with a Donald Duck orange juice can on a string. Noise removal is going to be an essential, because I don't have studio conditions to work in, nor an audio board the size of a ping-pong table. On one voice-over forum, one disgruntled tech said he was spending about an hour to clean up twenty seconds of voice-- for a commercial, one assumes. Twenty seconds...I realize librivox doesn't need that level of commercial output, but with a real sound program like Soundforge 11 going for about $400+, and which contains some high-level scrubbers, the $250 price for the Dialog Audacity plug-in seems within the ballpark... if it works easily and well. And there, I don't yet have an answer... the jury is still out.I've gone back and started listening closely to professional audiobooks I've downloaded from Downpour.com, and paid for, and even on those, if I focus on them, I can often hear tiny ticks and tocks where a cleaner has obviously been at work. For the most part, most would never notice such artifacts, and in all honestly, I find such nearly imperceptible edits less objectionable than smekky sound or breath intake that sounds like a Baldwin steam engine huffing and puffing. I know for a fact that a number of librivox recorders-- first rate readers-- are doing Audacity scrub passes, because I can hear it. But if one listens to the story, as opposed to focusing on audio fx, the cleaning becomes irrelevant and unnoticeable. I suppose it's all personal preference...I'm not trying to assist Wave Arts in marketing Dialog, but since the evaluation is free, I really would like to know if it can perform as claimed. If so, I'm probably willing to drink cheaper Scotch for a few months to compensate the people who did the programming.