lubee930 wrote:You articulate some very interesting ideas, definitely worth the discussion that we are having here.  But I must disagree with you about libraries.  The libraries in my communities are vibrant, constantly busy, and they provide an invaluable service--not at all "an antiquated concept".  Granted, some people go to the library to use the computer, others to check out CD's or DVD's (also valuable services provided by the library), but others--many others--go to the library to get books.I love audiobooks, and I love the recording that I have been doing here for LibriVox (although I am relatively new at it).  But I think that many people would tell you that there is nothing--NOTHING--quite like opening a book to read it.  The feel of it, the smell of it, the joy of it.  (And I also have an eReader, by the way, but it is not the same.)  So, don't relegate my precious libraries to the scrap heap quite yet.  I wish that I could afford to purchase every book that I would like to read, but I can't.  So I often join lots of others in the "Check Out" line at my local public library!  So, audiobooks, eReaders, bookstores, libraries--all wonderful resources that fill different needs for different people!   Sorry, I didn't mean to say that libraries should be done without, in fact I share your like of libraries and books.bobgon55 wrote:As I see it, any kind of rating system is virtually equivalent to unsolicited criticism which flies directly in the face of that well-established and hard-won policy, as Hugh clearly mentioned in the very last podcast. So, really, I would forget about it entirely. It will never happen at LibriVox.Would you care to explain how a Like button, which by definition is giving positive feedback rather than negative, is equivalent to unsolicited criticism?bobgon55 wrote:And I would not bring up YouTube as a example of a site to emulate. If you haven't noticed already, many comments there are just senseless abuse, not even worthy to be called criticismThat wasn't my point. My point was, having a like/dislike button isn't a deterrent for thousands of amateur people from making videos, hence it can be deduced that in all likelihood, it won't be a deterrent on this site either, especially if the reader can choose to disable likes easily.