Everyone, please help us make all videos and helpful stuff immediately availbable to new and old volunteers. Aaron has develop a test site click here for LibriVIDEO: that looks wonderful.  It is (I think) a free site hosted by Google and can be a better way to organize things. Aaron asked many questions which I would like to answer the best I can: Quote:Now...back to the website...which style appeals to you more? Having text a text list with links taking viewers to the actual YouTube site, or do you think it will be OK to embed each video even though it will make the pages kind of long? I love the 'tabs' format you have that allows people to zoom right to the areas they need and not wade through Audacty stuff when they want to know how our forums work, etc.    Next, I suppose text links would be simplest and clearest although there is a strong appeal to see a little 'picture' that looks like the video with the title and a start button embedded.  I assume we could look up best practices to see what other people use and what looks best.   Hmmmm. thinking about it, an little image with the title on one side and text explaing what it is about sounds like what I'd like.    Quote:With an answer to that, the immediate things I need to do before we "go live" are:-embedding the videos into the pages, or copying the text and making the links.-fixing font problems...the Google website builder is being weird and not consistent with fonts.-getting a short bio (and photo if you wouldn't mind) of you to add to the contributors page-I will PM Dan H and let him in on the new page and ask him for a bio and photo too-adding the few promo videos that exist (I'll probably list these under "For Listeners" but create a link to that section in the "For Volunteers" section-adding a "videos in progress" page (I like this idea so you don't get hit with the same requests over and over.-If you'd like, I can build a form submission where people can just type in video ideas directly and the request gets emailed to you.-Let's go with putting a picture/image with the title in big letters and a description along side.  -font problems?  gee, I don't have a clue.  Doesn't Google have it's own font by now?   -bio. sure. I ain't shy.  that can be sent easily-Dan H.  He did a nice video but never came back that I know of.   wish he would. -Short Promo videos.  Sounds great but how do we promote them?   You Tube?   I am again without a clue. -Videos in progress.  Gee .... I have the scripts for about 7 partly written right now.  just lazy. -I would LOVE suggestions from anyone as to new videos needed; old ones needing revision or just plain stupid ones.  Thus a form would be wonderful.  Quote:I will shoot for a goal of having all this done by the weekend. Once I think it's ready to go, we can put the link to the site in the forum and on the wiki.Then, some of the longer range stuff we can work on are:-you adding any additional videos that you want to work on.-me adding some more promo videos for people to post/share.-I thought it would be cool if we could get the founder to record a video message. Not sure how to go about that.-you and I working together to see which videos might need some subtext of "see also: video abc, video xyz, etc."-creating an alphabetized topic index to assist in finding the right video.-fine tuning as we go along.Cheers! I'm looking forward to seeing this blossom! AaronWell, there is certainly no rush, but this video thing has stumbled along in obscurity for over a year now under my totally amateur guidance and needs to find a way like this for more people to have access to 'canned' help and naturally for better videos to be made.   Of course LibriVox got along just fine without it and this is just a small adjunct but nevertheless I believe that much admin time can be saved by having new people look at premade videos instead of everything needing one on one help.  I see lots of cross referencing videos; many touch on multiple topics.  An alphatebical index would be wonderful.  as before, my main bewilderment is how to have someone bewildered by the forum, know that there is a video available to explain things; someone stumped about the technical specs, know there is a video that explains it for audacity; someone wanting to do a solo, know there is a video explaining that., etc.   Now they have no way of knowing.  phil  well enough for now.  thanks again.