redaer wrote:Recording & editing with Audacity 1.3 & a word processor[....]When I err I stop for a few seconds. [...]Now I use the "Silence finder" function of Analyze with "Minimum duration of silence [seconds]" set at 1.5, because I am prone of producing pauses of over 1 second.[...]Then I switch to Audacity, leap to the end of the recording and move the track bar to the left until I find a sign for Silence. I mark the track forward until the wave looks identical and listen to the highlighted part. [...]Now only remains to amplify, check if parts need normalizing and the file can be exported into MP3.

Hi redaer,
Just to let you know that I switched to doing the recording & editing the way you suggested (well, just the parts I've copied above), and it works great for me! I spend much less time editing in this way - which greatly increases my enjoyment! Thank you for this!

The recording I do the same as before, when I make a mistake, just re-read the whole sentence or paragraph or whatever is appropriate without stopping. Only besides just clicking my tongue to mark the spot, I also wait about 1.5 sec. (When I just pause to rest or take a sip of my tea, there will be also a pause but then without the tongue click, so I know I only have to correct the silence to the right length without deleting mistakes).

After finishing the recording, I use the silence finder, and start to edit from the end back to the beginning, at each 'silence marker'. This way, I only need to listen to the few seconds around each silence marker. Only for special parts of a recording (a difficult paragraph, or an emotional scene, etc) I still listen to the whole bit. 

In the beginning, I did the word-processor thing like you describe, highlighting words etc - but after some weeks of practice, I noticed that I really didn't need the text markings. The mistakes picked up by the PL have not increased since I switched to this method.

Using this method, after recording a section (which will still take longer than the final recording of course because of frequent out-takes) I spend at max about as long on the editing, or sometimes even less time (where before I would regularly spend more time on editing then on recording). I can really recommend it for others who get put off by all the editing time needed. As far as I can tell, it hasn't been bad for the quality of my recordings (such as there is...).

Regards,
Anna