hi michael these are all reasonable suggestions, mostly answered above, but I'll chip in my thoughts:


Quote:But there's no reason not to make suggestions that could improve the perception of it by the casual user, who may become a more committed user if they get a good impression. You are right, although one of the strange quirks of librivox is that philosophically we've designed much of our infrastructure and thinking around the users who are readers - rather than listeners. That doesn't mean we ignore listeners, but our prime objective is:Quote:To make all books in the public domain available, for free, in audio format on the internet. And in order to do that our focus is on getting people to help us ... in some sense, that other people get to listen is a fringe benefit. A really important fringe benefit, but our central focus is producing the recordings ... with the hope that given enough time we'll have ten versions of each public domain book, so listeners will be able to choose from a plethora of voices and qualities.   Quote:I suggest the ability for users to add moderated comments to readings, along with an optional five star rating, and the addition of the average decibal volume as a listing with each file's info. Here's my discussion of these.right- i'll address these below.Quote:Things like your accent are sort of application (meaning who is the user in this case) dependent. Someone in Scotland may record something in a heavy brogue that is hard for me (an American) to understand, but which people from the British Isles, and especials Scots, find perfectly legible. That's not something that should be considered in rating a recording, but a comment on it would be helpful to a user to know if the reading is appropriate for their use. Many of us want to hear the many different voices and accents, it is part of the charm of librivox, in fact, but this doesn't hinder anyone from persuing that desire, it just provides additional information.For some reason i resisted this in previous times that it has been suggested, I'm not sure why. But it seems a reaonable kind of meta data to have attached to a recording (or a reader), even if imprecise. So philosophically I am leaning to favouring this - the problem then becomes how to get there. It would require a change in our database system, and then inputting of the data. The best way to do this might be to allow listeners & other volunteers to tag recordings... although this could have some negatives (including rating/criticism, see below). But the real problem i think is getting the time/resources to make it happen in a reasonable way. There are more important development priorities, not least of which is accessibility of our catalog - which is pretty dismal - and has been on the back burner for a long long time.  Quote:Recording quality comments and starring: by this I'm referring to noise level (buzzing and hissing) and the volume of the reader. I've downloaded wonderful stories to listen to while I'm exercising that were drowned out by external noises despite my earplug-like earbuds because of the quiteness of the speaker. For some applications this is OK, and of course for some readings it is appropriate, but it would be good knowledge to have, so a listener would know whether to listen in a quiet environment at home, or if they could listen at the gym, for example.Yes, this is particularly problematic for collab projects. We do try to get the tech quality at reasonable levels... but maybe we should raise the bar. No answer on this one, except I guess that it's linked to rating in general (see below).Quote:Finally, a five star rating system is used on many sites to get a quick averaged assessment of something (like books on Amazon, for example). Perhaps associated with comments and averaged to get a composite rating of the reading, it would give someone a quick ballpark to assess which of several readings of a particular work they may wish to downloaded to listen to if they don't have the time or inclination to listen to all of the readings. Some readers on librivox are absolutely incredible in their presentation of the material, sounding like professional world-class actors. And some readers give a performance that is less refined for various reasons - rushed reading, monotone delivery, excessively loud or quiet, as some examples.I think the reasons we don't allow ratings/comments are addressed above, but I *would* like to see a "recommend" button. While all LibriVox readers/books are equal, some are most definitely more equal than others, and I'd like a page of "recommended/loved/particularly great" LV recordings...Steampunk started such a page, but it's rather informal right now. Would be nice to incorporate that too into searches. If we could add a "recommend this" button, it would allow listeners to help do that sorting of the "good" without having the negative impact on the rest of us.  Quote:It would also provide a mild impetus to readers to improve their reading, and it would provide the feedback that some readers request.our experience is that bad reviews are devastating to most amateur readers ...and that does not help us with our mission...hence the ban on unasked for criticism of particular readers or books.Quote:Now, I realize that part of the draw for some readers who would otherwise not read is that there is currently no feedback. This could be addressed by making starred ratings and comments an option that the reader can decide to include or not include by requesting it of their PM, or answering their PM's inquiry on it.Nice idea; technical challenge. see above re: resources.Quote:I'd also suggest, along the same lines, that the rating system only be applied to works over five minutes (thus excluding short poems and very short stories) and perhaps not applied to a user's first reading.sure.Quote:I think the decibal level, being an objective measurement, could be included for every recording without ill effect. I believe it is being read and checked for each recording already.the ideal situation is getting a better normalization app to run our chapters thru before our books are cataloged.  Quote:I'm interested in other's thoughts on these suggestions!
me too!