NormDakota wrote:Good luck all and share your stories! This is the only good BR-600 forum out there so let's keep it going, please!

Hey NormDakota— Thanks for supplying us with new info. I've been using a standard SanDisk 1 GB card for 6 months or more now without a single problem. 

As you may remember, I don't use my BR-600 for anything except voice-over work: literature and a variety of literature-based podcasts. I've recorded but a single multi-track live musical recording and have done nothing with the drum kit. 

Still weird things do either crop up in using the unit or just plain wierd questions pop up in my head about it. What's your experience on these:

1. I rarely listen to the unit with earphones, but when I do, whether listening during the recording process or listening to a recorded track, I always here a slight echo effect. Do you get that? Why is it. (So was that a good question?)

2. I'll go through phases of using the unit perfectly and then there are times when I just can't figure out how to make a recording properly. (You can see where entering into territory that will expose my inability to press a button correctly!) Anyway, no matter what I do to find/read simple processes in the manual, I haven't found yet how to firmly select another recording track. I'll give you an example. If I'm reading a series of chapters from a book, I like to record each one, or a sequence of sections of one, onto more than one track. (Better to lose a section than everything, huh?) So, this is what I do, I press a white track button and the start to record, pressing the REC & PLAY buttons. I'm finished the chapter and I press stop. The timer display says, say 00:25:22. If I press the same track button again (I think) the recording continues at 00:25:22 on the same track. But then, sometimes it automatically, incrementally skips to the next consecutive virtual track. If I try to select a particular virtual track via the V-TRACK button, sometimes it holds and sometimes it doesn't.

Just how do you select and change different recording tracks?

Thanks