Ooh, This thread is right up my alley. So I have to "revive" it for a bit.  I actually thought about starting a 'what words do you love/hate?' thread so this is kind of along those same lines. 
I certainly do not claim to have perfect grammar (it took me a long time to FINALLY get the its vs. it's through my thick skull, and I got my AA in english ) 
The one that I absolutely cannot stand has already been mentioned--but it may be so heinous that it bears repeating. People seem to have forgotten that "you're" ever existed in the english language. I see it every day online, but it especially bugs me in any sort of business context (memos, signs, advertisements, etc.) 
"Your so funny."  "So, your gonna come over later, right?" no no no!!!!
The only thing worse is when people remember the existence of "you're" but use it in such a way as "where is you're car?" 
Seriously if people would just stop using your all the time, I would not be bothered (much) by any of the other common pet peeves.
I really don't care if they mix up to/too, its/it's, they're/there/their. I think even the most careful person makes those mistakes from time to time. Actually, the there/they're/their thing only really bugs me when someone replaces there for their. ("There looking for a new car.")
Other random musings on some of the things previously mentioned:
I have been guilty of using "My bad" and, to a much lesser extent, "good to go."  
I'm not one of those people who hates all slang. I actually find much of it fun or charming. I just wish people using slang actually knew the "proper" words as well. My family and I have always enjoyed making up our own words or using a word improperly, but it's done in a joking manner--we know the word is wrong and that's what makes it funny. Not so funny when done because a person thinks they are using a real word.
I have to admit that I really can't stand "y'all" or "all y'all". Maybe this is because I have lived in california my whole life, so "southernese" is not my cup of tea.  I have been guilty of "you guys," but I agree it's too awkward when addressing females. But "you girls" or "you ladies" would seem awkward too--If a male adresses me in such a manner I find it rather patronizing. I will sometimes use a "correctified"  version of y'all and just say you all...assuming this is to a group of more than 2 or 3 people. I also hate when people who I know have grown up in california start trying to talk country. My brother's ex-girlfriend always she was said "fixin' to" do something. She was constantly fixin' to make dinner, go to the store, etc. I'm surprised she wasn't "fixin' to rustle us up some grub." My stepfather uses "should outta" alot. I'd  never actually heard of this until I met him .Either should or out to/outta would get the point across. Twice is just overkill. But like someone else said, he's older so it's not quite as annoying 
The other one I can't stand is people who say they are going to "conversate." For all I know, maybe it is a real word in some bizarre parallel universe, but it's not necessary--converse is just fine. 
People, please stop adding adding syllables to things! ("Jane was more light-skinded than her sister." )
Signed, SchoolmarmMaddie 
(I am eternally grateful that the children I used to teach were just learning to talk. So they were still concentrating on trying to communicate their needs/wants, and had not yet gotten around to picking up any of the above-mentioned habits. )